# starter — batch 3 (28 videos)


===== VIDEO LYdJ3dfNCVs =====
TITLE: My mobile app made $800K in 365 days
DURATION: 798.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built probably 10 apps that all failed. >> Louie is a guy from Canada who spent years building apps that went nowhere until one day he decided to try something different. >> Instead of just building another app, I studied Tik Tok. >> Before writing a single line of code, he found a real problem thousands of people were talking about in plain sight. Then he simply started making content about it and the rest is history. Immediately after building, it hit the top of the app store and in just one year it made over $800,000. >> From this video alone, he made 12.5K in sales in one day. >> This story blew my mind. So, I asked Louis to come on to the channel and break down exactly how he did it. In this video, we'll dive into how to find your idea by studying Tik Tok comments, the simple video he created that generated $12,500 in sales, and his step-by-step playbook on how to build apps if you were to start over today. >> I launched this app one year ago as a side project, and it really changed my life. >> This one is a good one. You cannot miss it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is starter story. All right, Louie, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Louis. I built a makeup app called Glow Up. I launched it a year ago as a side project. It makes around 15K per month right now, and it grew from zero to 100K user in around 3 days and generated a total of 800K in revenue. >> Okay. Before we get into how you came up with the idea for this app, which I think is actually really, really interesting, I do want to understand what this app does. It's a makeup app. Can you explain it? >> Yeah, so Glowup is an app that lets you try makeup looks with AI. And the problem we solve is really to help women find the best makeup look for them without having to go and buy and write on their themselves. It's a mobile app, so iOS and Google Play. We do subscription model, so we do a $9.99 per week. And then you get access to unlimited uh AI makeup looks. So our monthly revenue at the moment is 15,000 per month. We've got our total number of users around 2 million people. We got around 70,000 paying customer. One crazy thing is that we got to number one in lifestyle in the app store and number four in the free mobile apps category. >> Okay. I mean that's insane. You had an app that's top of the app store. Before we get into how you grew this thing and the idea and all that, I want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you get to the point of building apps and having a top app in the app store? >> I did software engineering for around 2 years and just dropped out cuz they were not teaching the right stuff. And then when I dropped out, I really just worked hard and focused on building mobile apps. My first one did no revenue at all. But I just continued building and building more apps. With that, I created like a portfolio of apps and then started working for startups. Kind of two years later, I kind of came back to building my own apps. And then a year ago, I started working on Glowup and now I'm building other apps and [music] writing philosophy books on the side as well. >> Okay. So, one of the reasons why I want to bring you on the channel is how you found the idea for this. How you found the idea for an app that went almost number one in the app store. Before this you had built a bunch of apps and they got no users. What was different about this app and how you found this idea? >> So my apps before were [music] more for me. I just had an idea and was building them and then once it was finished building I would start marketing but then I would get no views or no users. So we just go to the next ideas and it would be my kind of cycle. But for this one me and my co-founder wanted to create a new app together and we [music] saw that the makeup niche was just super big. So we just kind of started looking at Tik Tok makeup videos and looking at the comment section and with these comments we kind of started doing content around this idea of like getting your makeup look and the products that you need. So we did content first [music] because for most of my other apps before we were just building and building without showing to user what we had and it always failed. This one I really just wanted to be sure that we could market it and it kind of just went viral. So we kind of knew that we had an idea that would work. So I [music] kind of just built the app super quickly, super MVP style and then it took like three days to get to 100K users. So by looking at comment section, you really just feel what people are wanting and you just try to come in and solve whatever they're asking for and I think that is really the way we kind of gather [music] success. >> Okay, so finding ideas through Tik Tok and validating your idea through Tik Tok, then creating the content, then finally launching the app is genius. I also want to dive into the actual creating content side of things. Once you do sort of find that idea after doing research, what would be your playbook if you were starting over from scratch to start a Tik Tok account and start creating content that gets a lot of views? >> So, step one is you're just warming up a Tik Tok account in the USA with a new iPhone. You just buy a USA SIM card. If you're in the US, you're okay, but if you're outside the US, you just put it in and then you buy a VPN that is in the US 24/7. And then you download Tik Tok. You create your account and you start watching videos in your niche. Scroll and like some videos, comment on things for 15 to 30 minutes per day. And it set up your algorithm to think [music] you're not a bot and you're just someone normal. You do that for around 3 days. When you're looking for a niche, it's really good to look at hashtags. So for us, we kind of just look at the biggest hashtags on Tik Tok and makeup was one of the biggest ones. So then we [music] just kind of started looking inside that niche. So really, if you're thinking of a niche, just look at the hashtags of that niche, how many videos are posted, how many views are getting, and this will show you if it's a door that is open for you to start posting content, and get views from it. So step two is just start posting because you've looked at a lot of videos by warming up your account. Try and replicate a trend that works well. Put your app idea on it. And you do that at first, just once a day, and you just wait to [music] get the engagement in. And once you see traction after a couple of days, you can post as much as you can, [music] four to six times a day. And the goal is really to find a trend that is easy to reproduce, faceless [music] if you cannot do video yourself and a way to kind of replicate it lots of times. So you can post on a bunch of accounts and multiple times a day. >> What Louis did in one year is impressive. He basically went from simple MVP to $800,000 in revenue. But when that revenue started coming in, something shifted. He realized that he had a real business [music] on his hand. His app went from a simple side project to a real actual full-blown business. I've been there before. And while it's fun to build and ship, but once you start actually making money, you have to start thinking like a business owner. [music] And that means tracking expenses, managing cash flow, and the dreaded taxes. This is all the stuff that goes on behind the scenes that builders don't think about until it's too late. And this is why we are partnering with Zero on this video. Zero is a cloud-based accounting platform that works for every type of small business. It handles bills and payments all in one place so you can make sure your business runs smoothly. Zero automates your bookkeeping so you can spend time doing what you love, building, shipping, and of course, marketing. And right now, you can get 90% off Zero for 6 months using the first link in the description. But if you want to get that, you got to click that and check it out. Thank you to Zero for partnering with Starter Story on this video. All right, let's get back to the interview. >> So, step three is adding an anchor link. When a video start getting good views, let's say couple of thousand or 100K, you can add a anchor link to the video, which is a download now button. So, the user doesn't have to go to your bio and click on the link. It really just sees the [music] video and sees the link, clicks on it, and it opens up the app store page. Most of our downloads came from our anchor link, and it's really useful. But mostly when [music] the video is going viral, if you put it under a,000 views, it will just kill the video. Step four is just creating other accounts. So you do the same steps again. You can do two to three accounts on the same phone. If you want more, you just buy another phone and you do the same steps. The more video you post, the more money will come in. So at our peak, we had around seven accounts posting [music] 8 to 12 times a day. So that would be my playbook if I was to start again. I've seen that now UGC and influencer as well works very well. It's just it cost a lot. If you have a bunch of money, I would say try UGC, try influencer. If you have no money, start content by yourself. Post Faceless or post UGC with yourself. That would be my playbook. >> Thanks for sharing that playbook. That's amazing. I'd love if you could get even more specific and actually pull up one of your Tik Tok videos that went viral. Show me some of the numbers behind this video and why you think this thing worked and went viral. For this example, we have this video that got us close to 48 million views with 2 million likes. And from this video alone, we made around 12.5K in [music] sales in like one day with 60K downloads. So, this video, I think, went viral because we tried to really pushed our engagement a lot. So what we did is in the comment section you'll see a bunch of people sharing their code or asking for code because in the app we say to the user if you invite three friends you'll get [music] a free makeup look and user would see the video then download the app see that they can share the code and just come back to the video rewatch it and share the code in the comments that really exploded the engagement and we added as well the anchor link around [music] 500k views which made the downloading the app super easy. So the flow was just perfect for user to download the app, try it out, pay for it. If they don't pay, they come back [music] and they engage again with the post which boosted. >> Okay, we haven't really talked much about the actual app that you built. I'd love if you could show off the app, show off the onboarding, show what the app does, and just give us a quick demo. Could you do that? >> So the app is Glow Up. It's just a app that lets you kind of try makeup on. So the onboarding is quite long. The goal is to kind of make the user feel it's [music] personalized. So, a couple of questions about sensitive skin, wrinkles, what makeup look you like, what's your skin tone and these are all used to get the actual results and then we do ask to leave a rating, [music] a review. Usually they leave a fivestar review. Then the reviews gets pretty high in the app store and then you get the results which is you with the makeup. Again, I'm a guy so the the results is not the best but then you get all the products that you can just buy and the makeup routine, how to put it on this [music] kind of app. So, the app is subscription based. So, we do $9.99 per week or $39.99 per year for unlimited makeup look. And that's our only way of making money. >> Thanks for showing that. Let's change topics a little bit. You built this app. What tech stack did you use to build it and what tools run this company? >> So, my favorite tech stack for MVP is Flutterflow. It's a Flutterbased local software that makes development super fast. It's kind of like web flow. You just kind of drag and drop. It's really useful and makes development so much easier. For back end, I use Firebase, Google Cloud Functions. For external APIs with O and database as well. For payment, I use Superwall and for event tracking, I use Mix Panel. >> And on the similar note, what are the costs to run a business like this? And what do the profit margins [music] look like for an app like this? >> Our profit margin are around 90%. It always depends on user usage, but if a user used the app, it means they paid. So, it's [music] kind of good in a way if you pay for softwares, but mostly like back end is like a,000 a month. AI could be 500 bucks a month and marketing could be zero if you're posting or more if you're using a VA or using GC or influencer. >> Okay. Well, thanks for sharing that, being transparent about all those numbers. Last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on to the channel. If you could go back in time and stand on young Louis shoulders, give him a piece of advice or for anyone who's watching right now that wants to build apps like you and hit the top of the app store nearly. What would be your advice? >> It would be to move first and adjust later. Never wait for the perfect time because there's [music] no perfect time. Really just take action before you feel ready to learn fast from your mistake but from your success as well. And [music] to just keep building and building. If you stay focused and you grind a lot, one day you'll wake up living the life you once dreamed about. My other piece of advice is that you can have your capitalistic endeavor in whatever niche, you don't have to be an expert. You don't have to know everything. You don't have to love the idea and you still have to come back to your passion. Makeup is like not my passion. I don't know anything about it, but it's my capitalistic endeavor and it's lovely to make money out of it. >> Great advice. Thank you, Louis, for coming on and sharing all this, being super transparent, open about everything you did. I think it's amazing. Congrats on your success and thanks for coming on. >> Thank you. >> I'm going to let you in on a little secret. Building a successful app [music] in 2025 is not about your tech stack or what tools you use. The secret, as you're seeing in this video right now, is content. Tik Tok content specifically, and I can prove it. This is the number one thing I've realized after interviewing hundreds of founders on this channel. If you can get this part right, everything else just works. So, knowing this, we decided to put together something special for you. a free course that goes over the five different Tik Tok playbooks behind five successful apps from founders we've interviewed right here on this channel. In each playbook, we'll go over how to find ideas, how to create content, and how to blow up anything that you create. This course is 100% free. So, if you want to grab it and check it out, [music] this is one that you cannot miss. And it will not be free forever. So, if you are ready to get serious about content, Tik Tok, and understand how this thing really works, just click the link in the description to check it [music] out. All right, guys. That's it for this episode. Thank you again for watching and showing up every week. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 8kM-JcKpcDs =====
TITLE: How I grew my mobile app to $17K per month
DURATION: 1258.0
TRANSCRIPT:
Yeah, I literally don't know how to code at all. >> Meet George, a college student who had never written a single line of code in his life. That was until he discovered coding with AI. >> I truly believe that anyone can build a mobile app these days. >> In just a couple months, he came up with an idea, he built it, and then he launched it to the App Store. >> I went from idea to the app store in 1 month. Now, that app that he built generates over $17,000 a month. George is proof that with a little determination, anybody can do this. And I brought him on the channel to show me how he did it. And in this video, we'll talk about his [music] six-step vibe coding process that helped him launch his app, the vibe coding tool he uses to ship his apps quickly, and the marketing playbook he followed to grow his app to over $17,000 a month. All right, this is one that you cannot miss. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, real quick. You are about to hear a crazy story about how George, this college kid, built and launched his app with AI. I think you're going to love this story. And if it inspires you, I also think you should definitely check out Starter Story Build. It is our program where you will learn exactly how to do what George did and what he's going to share with you today. I'll talk a little bit more on that later. So, let's get into the interview. All right, George, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Yeah, so my name's George Lampropolis. I launched an app that makes 17K per month. I launched within the last 6 months and I'm excited to share how I did it today. >> All right. $17,000 a month with an app in just [music] a few months is insane. What is the app you built and how is it possible that you can make this much money in such a short amount of time? >> Yeah, so Wrestle AI is like an AI wrestling coach. We use um video analysis where you could submit videos of your match and it breaks down what you did right, what you did wrong, and how you could improve. and it gives you drills and actionable plans on how you can actually improve your wrestling. Our pricing is $9.99 for the month and then $59.99 for the year. All right, so this is my revenue dashboard. We launched Wrestle AI September 26th. So I look at our MR MR is 8,000 from monthly subscriptions and then the rest are yearlies, but we acrew a lot of yearlies because we attach the trial to the yearly option. Yeah. So we've done over 2 million impressions on social media. Download-wise, I think we're around 17,000. >> All right. So that's insane that you vibe coded this in the last couple months and you're doing these kind of numbers. Before we get into how you vibe coded it and how you grew it and how you did all the marketing, I got to understand your background. Tell me a little bit more about you and how you even got into building apps. >> So I'm 18 right now. I'm a freshman in college. I've always hated school with like a burning passion and I was always trying my own things, trying ways to make money. And then at 15, I had a decent amount of money saved up for a 15-year-old. And I told my friend, I go, "Let's go all in. let's make this [music] social self-improvement app. Our app went viral on social media. We had 10K followers waiting for our app. We had to hire like three development agencies. None of them got it right. It took us a year and a half to finally release the app. And at that point, the hype died and we lost just [music] all our money. I had to pick up a job at TJ Maxx to get some money. And I think that that was the catalyst of my obsession [music] with startups cuz I always walked around with like a chip on my shoulder that I was kind of meant to succeed. And when I saw that my brains won't work, I was like, "All right, I just have to be absolutely relentless on how I attack, like [music] creating things and starting things, and I just got to keep going until something eventually does work." >> All right. You shared earlier that you tried to work with developers before and build stuff. Didn't really necessarily work out super well. But now, as I understand, you vibecoded this entire thing, and you didn't have a crazy background in development or engineering. Tell me a little bit more about that. Did you actually vibe code this app yourself? Yeah. So, this all started uh six months ago around in June. I was scrolling on social media. I saw an ad for a vibe coding platform called Foror and it said I built seven apps in a week and I go that can't be true and I decided to try it out. I don't know how to code at all but I do understand the systems and how to get conversions from these apps and how to build kind of viral ideas. So, I used Roric for whoever doesn't know is a vibe coding platform and I also leveraged a bunch of public APIs out there to build some of the functionality. It took me around a month [music] from the idea to being live on the app store. From June to July 1st, that's when I launched. And in that month, it was [music] just a bunch of attempts with chatbt and ROR to build something that kind of works. Basically, I would try to port the app from ROR to test flight. And it there was just a bunch of issues. [music] So, anytime there was an issue with Expo, I would just copy the logs, throw the logs into Chat GBT. And I kind of had chatbt as my adviser and it kind of guided me through this [music] whole process. Now I had to hire out one developer to integrate payments [music] and uh authentication. I spent the first week of June on ROR prompting non-stop until I got something that I like. From there, I passed it on to the developer. If you need something simple as integrating a payw wall, that's a super easy task. So I paid someone on Fiverr like 250 bucks. That took him about a week. And then the last two weeks were just spent dealing with Apple's nonsense and rejections. >> George is proof that vibe coding actually works. I don't know how else I can prove it to you guys, but the best part about this is that we are still so early in this whole vibe coding thing. I truly believe that learning to build with AI is the skill of the next decade. And this is why I think you should check out Starter Story Build. It is our program where we will teach you how to use AI to build anything. You'll learn how to find an idea, build it quickly, and ship it in just a couple weeks. If you want to get in on this and actually build something, I'm going to put a link in the description to our iOS boot camp. In that boot camp, you will learn how to do basically everything George did in just a couple weeks. Our next cohort is starting soon, so just head to that link in the description if you want to enroll. All right, let's get back to the story. The next question that I have for you is if you were to start over today, obviously you did this in the last couple months, but a lot of people are going to be watching this thinking, how can I do this right now in 2025, in 2026, if you had to start over, what would be your step-by-step process for creating a somewhat viral app like you did if you were to start over? >> Yeah. So, step one obviously is the idea that I think that's one of the most important parts along with distribution. A lot there's a lot of talk now that distribution is the most important part. I kind of push back against that because if you don't have a viral idea in nature, distribution doesn't matter. So, in my opinion, there are three pillars for a good idea. Uniqueness, helpfulness, and the gotcha moment. You need uniqueness so it catches eyes. You need helpfulness so it has some stickiness. And you need that gotcha moment that's built into the app that easily conveys what your app does in about 5 seconds. The gotcha moment is the moment that's going to stop someone from scrolling. Think, I need to try this app out. That idea, the gotcha moment would be in the back of my head whenever I'm designing apps. I go, what could be something that I could seamlessly integrate into a [music] Tik Tok, YouTube short, whatever that will get someone to stop scrolling. Right around the time I launched Wrestle AI, I launched another app in collaboration with an influencer that had a million followers. This app, however, was not a novel idea like Wrestle AI. It was a concept similar to like RGBT and Plug AI. Both Wrestle AI and this app got around over a million close to 2 million impressions at the time. Except Wrestle AI was getting conversions, getting downloads, and doing really well. While this app, Green, that I launched got, I think, 100 downloads off like 1.8 million impressions solely because this app didn't follow like the purple cow philosophy. It wasn't something that was abstract and eye-catching. So now going into the future, any app I build, it needs to be novel. It needs to be something that hasn't been seen before or else your creatives won't convert as well. So step two is designing the app. So you need to answer the question, who is it for? What type of UI would fit the prospective buyer? And then you need to build out the framework first and then the functionality. So I'm literally answering these questions. Who's it for? And what type of UI would fit them? And I'm taking that answer and literally just giving it to RO. And you also need to have in the back of your head, how could users organically share your app? This way, it's not just all ad spend pushing your traffic. Step three, building out the core functionality. So, whenever I'm starting a new app, I set aside a week to literally just sit [music] at my computer and prompt ROR from morning till night. During this time, you're going to have to figure out how Superbase works, if you want to implement APIs or not. ROR does offer a ton of APIs a part of their [music] toolkit as well. But, if you want to add external APIs like a nutrition database, if you're building out a calorie tracker, there's there's just so many things out there that don't cost much money. and will make your app 10,000 [music] times better. So, I highly recommend being on the lookout for some good APIs that you can integrate into your app. So, step four, onboarding. This is the second most important part of your app. You can have a great app, but if you can't convert the user, no one will know. The onboarding by nature is designed to convey what value you're giving to the user. So, the key to making a good onboarding is copying what already works. I would spend hours just studying other people's onboarding processes and applying the things I saw in their apps to my app. Some great onboarding processes are Opel, Cali, just look up whatever apps that are high converting. Copy their onboarding and apply the same elements to your onboarding. If I had to summarize the formula for my onboarding process, it would be first to educate the user about what the app does. Second, personalize the experience with guiding questions that both set up the app for them and guides them to why they need the app. And then I would try to enact FOMO of them not having the app. And lastly [music] is showing them the gotcha moment. Like having them do the gotcha moment but not giving the results before the pay wall. So the length of the onboarding process also contributes to how many people convert. Although it does add friction, it also makes the people who go through it have the sunken cost fallacy which causes users to at least get the free trial. Step five, hire out what you don't know how to do. The greatest return I on investment that I've had during this whole process was probably hiring my developer from Pakistan. A good hire can really change your trajectory. I got really lucky to be honest with finding good talent early on in the process. I think a big key thing to do is sell like whoever you're working with on your vision and they will work really hard to kind of get you there cuz they feel like they're a part of something bigger. And another thing is I think AI now is the great equalizer of education with tools like chat GBT. If you can hire someone that's relatively smart and they know how to utilize AI to learn, not just code, they'll probably be able to f fulfill 90% of your needs. If you're going to hire someone, have them work on a small task that you think they can do. If they excel at it, then start giving them more responsibility. Step six, this is kind of where I'm at now, and it's expanding past vibe coding. So, vibe coding is great to release quickly and validate ideas by building on an MVP, but once you start moving past 5K a month, you should start investing in product quality. Now, I have contracted designers and I have some people that work for us. Another thing is probably discipline as you start getting these bigger numbers. I actually haven't taken a penny out of this business yet. And I'm not going to take a penny out of this business until we're at 100K MRR. Yeah. So, that that would probably be my whole process. And now I'm currently in step six kind of building out past vibe coding. And I'm just really excited for the future. >> Thank you for sharing that. That's amazing. And it's absolutely insane that you vibe coded this in the last few months. I know a lot of people watching this are saying right now, okay, that's cool. You built it, but building doesn't matter anymore. It's all about distribution. So, let's talk about it. How did you market your apps and how do you think about marketing your apps and getting users and making revenue? >> Yeah. So, my whole strategy when it comes to marketing these apps, it's all been from influencers. Just influencer marketing, quick snapping, the gotcha moment, just kind of keep going and scaling that up. I think influencer marketing is so valuable. So much that my co-founder is actually one of the biggest people in the wrestling influencing space. So we launched with him. He was a great first push for us when we released we we set up a pre-order to be on the top charts. So the day we released we were like 18 on the app store just from his influence. And then going into month two that's when we began to kind of saturate his audience which you always have to be wary of. From there, I took about 500 bucks and I'm like, "All right, now that we've saturated Kaden's audience, and we're a little bit known in the wrestling industry." We took the money, threw it into marketing, and generated so far. Now, we're at like 13K for this month. I'm probably going to have to invest another 250 before the month ends. But influencer marketing has just been great for us. >> All right. So, I mean, what I'm hearing from you is influencer marketing is huge for you. Your app maybe wouldn't be where it is if you didn't focus so much on influencer marketing. And I have a lot of questions about that. What would be your playbook if you were starting over today? What would be your step-by-step process to find and land influencers so that your app can generate revenue? >> Yeah. So, I'll break it down in a few steps. Um, step one, if you're just starting out, DM 100 people a day. Step two, the first words of your DM should be paid promo and then like question mark or paid promo for your company, etc. Influencers get hundreds to thousands of DMs a day. They will skip your DM if your first two words aren't something that's captivating to them. So, what's more captivating than basically I will pay you. Step three, when starting out, I would bot your personal Instagram account with followers and then pay to verify your account to establish more credibility. Once you start doing a few influencers deals, that's when I would switch from your personal account to your business account cuz then people will recognize [music] your business account more. Step four, stop wasting your time DMing with them. I think this is one of the most important parts to getting a profitable deal. Negotiating is 1,000 times easier when you're on the phone with someone and they can feel kind of your presence and your voice. So once they respond, text them your phone number and just say, "Hey, let's hop on a call soon." Sometimes they'll call you literally in that moment. Other times they'll be like, "Hey, when are you available?" Or, "I'm busy today." If they say, "I'm busy today. What's your offer?" And they're trying to kind of hard close you. Don't fall for it. Just say, "Okay, just hit me up when you're not busy." They're going to want your money. You're paying them. It's not the other way around. Step five, closing the deal. The best deals you can make are 20 to 50% upfront for four to five videos with a view guarantee that's based on a $2 to $5 CPM. CPM is the cost per,000 views. So, when you scroll on your Instagram and you see that they average, let's say, 25,000 views per video, you're going to make them an offer for videos for 225 bucks. Then, you're going to tell them, but you need to have a a minimum view guarantee of 100K views. Now, if you don't hit that guarantee, you could keep posting until you do, and then we'll pay you the [music] rest of the money. And we would probably pay from anywhere from 50 bucks to 100 bucks up front. I would hire a VA. There's two stages I would hire a VA. When you're just getting started, and then when you're hyper successful, so people like Cali, they need a DM cuz the founder is not going to be DMing these people. When you're just getting started, you need to DM so many people to get your foot in the door. So, you might as well just pay the cheap amount of money it is to pay someone overseas to massively [music] DM a bunch of people. in the middle kind of where I am now. I do all that myself because once your brand is established, your response rate is going to shoot up. So now that our brand is kind of known, I DM off the business account. I scroll for 20 minutes a day. Our for you pages cater [music] to the wrestling niche, message as many people as I can in that 20 minutes. And then the next day, let's say I would hop on the phone with all of them and close the deals. >> Okay, cool. Influencers. I mean, that's pretty amazing what you've done and that's a great playbook. We haven't really talked much about the app that you built. What I think is super cool about it is this like really kind of niche space, wrestling. I don't really know a whole lot about the wrestling world. So, I thought it would be cool if you could just show us your app, how it works, and maybe like how the business model is. Could could you show us? >> So, here's our gotcha moment. This is the most important part of the app. It's where you enter the video of your wrestling match, fill out a little bit of of information, and then you analyze the video. It then'll [music] scrape the video for the two wrestlers in the video. You have to pick who you are, and then it'll give you a performance breakdown out of 10. It'll give you key observations, stuff you did well, your strengths, your areas for improvement. It'll give you a little like breakdown of your strategy, and it'll give you drills to improve your actual wrestling that you can add to your training program in the app. So, after that, we have a calorie tracker. We just revamped this thing, too. It has a nutrition database. It has a barcode scanner. The It has like that Cali type feature where you can take a picture of your food and it estimates the [music] calories. I love this because it almost has the exact same stuff as My Fitness Pal and it's half the price for their premium. Then we have practice mode. Here it's live coaching and the coach basically explains how to do each move. It'll give you like a little tutorial. >> Here are the steps. >> After it'll basically ask you, here's how to do the move and you'll take a video of you doing the move and it'll tell you what you did right and what you did wrong. You also have your training programs and stuff like that. You also have a calendar to track your next matches. You have a weight journal. The whole idea behind this app was basically creating an ecosystem for wrestling. >> All right, cool. Thanks for showing that. That's super cool. Has a lot of cool features. I want to change topics a little bit and talk about tech stack. How did you build this app and what tools do you use on a day-to-day basis to make it run? >> I know we mentioned this before, but by far the number one tool for vibe coding apps is Ror Bolt, the Vibe Code app, Replet. In my opinion, none of them come close to how good ROR is. And I launched my first app with the $25 a month subscription. I didn't even have to upgrade to their more premium subscriptions. Superbase is really easy to use as well. That's what I use for my backend and it's around 30 bucks a month. AI inference costs, we use OpenAI. It's super cheap. I'm paying 40 to 60 bucks a month. Chat GBT premium. Now, I don't use this in the actual tech in the app, but if you're not paying for chatbt premium, you're behind. I think it's just the most valuable tool for 20 bucks a month is insane. >> All right. Well, thanks for sharing that. Last question that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could go back in time to before you had the successful app, maybe after you kind of failed a few times when you were a little bit younger, what would be your advice to young George or for anyone watching this that wants to build apps quickly like you? What would be your number one piece of advice? >> Don't complain about having too much on your plate when you prayed to eat. Back when we were first launching Wrestle AI, we were hyping up the launch. We had about 3,000 pre-orders, maybe 4,000. the app goes live at 12:00 a.m. Right before this at around 11:30, the API we were using for the AI was completely [music] down. So, I freaked out cuz our app entirely relied on this. Not only is it broken, not only is everyone going to subscribe and refund and I felt just so defeated in in that moment, probably one of the most defeated I've ever felt. I was up the entire night working on this trying to figure out a solution. The API gets fixed at around 5:00 a.m. I click launch. I go to sleep. I wake up at like 100 pm and we're number 19 on the app store and we've made over a thousand bucks. We're flooded with comments on like our Instagram page of, yo, this app's so cool, blah blah blah. It was just it was awesome. It was that was a great day. But existence is a pleasure and the hard part is the fun part. You know what I mean? >> That's beautiful. Well, congrats, George, on everything you've done. I mean, doing this in just a few months and having a really successful app that hits high on the app store charts is insane. So, thanks for coming on. Thanks for sharing all that. Thanks for being transparent, showing all your numbers. I think this is going to inspire a lot of people. So, thanks for coming on. >> Thank you for having me. >> I feel fired up after listening to George. [laughter] What a legend, man. >> But yeah, that was that was a really awesome interview and uh it was just so fun to hear like like you said at the beginning, like his determination to build this thing. >> Yeah. You know, there's a lot of doubters online. I'm sure they're going to be in the comments talking about how this is impossible or he has some sort of special help or savings or whatever. But when I see someone like George who he's 18 years old, he's currently in college. He's doing this in his dorm room. What more proof do you need that this vibe coding thing is is huge. This is this is absolutely huge. And I hope that watching stories like George shows you that that anybody can do this, right? And as you said, determination like he it wasn't that it was easy. Hopefully nothing in this video talks about it being easy, but as he kind of said, AI is the ultimate equalizer, right? any answer you need you can get from AI and you can build stuff with AI. I don't know what do you think? >> Yeah, my big takeway is like anything is possible to build now with AI whether it's Ror like you said or cloud code or cursor whatever the whatever tool is out there you could do like baseball AI or like pickle ball AI or you know whatever insert niche thing I've shared in on our build channel like my mobile app building process and so I'm like oh this is maybe I'll maybe I'll check out work maybe I'll check out something else. It kind of doesn't matter. It's just like, like I said, it gets me fired up to like go build some stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Fires me up, too. If you are also fired up like Gus and I am, you should definitely check out Starter Story Build. It will help guide you through the process of finding an idea, building it, launching it to real actual customers, getting feedback, and building. Look, it's not going to be easy, but the process is straightforward with a little bit of determination. I'll put a link in the description to our next iOS boot camp, which specifically, if you want to launch an app to the App Store, it's going to be exactly how to do that. You're going to do it alongside other people. We're building cool stuff. That's it for this episode. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Thank you for watching. Let us know in the comments what you thought, what kind of questions you have, or anything else. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO vw2Yc4Y1PsU =====
TITLE: I make $10K/month from 28 apps
DURATION: 841.0
TRANSCRIPT:
In eight months, I build and ship over 28 apps. >> This is Max, a full-time developer who spent years building apps with no success. >> I had my like mobile pet project. I really wanted to grow and I like spent so much time on it, like try different techniques. Nothing worked out >> until one day he decided to try something different. [music] Instead of trying to build the perfect app, he'd ship dozens of apps really fast. I have a record. One app I've built in 2 hours. >> In just 8 months, he shipped 28 apps and went from $200 a month to $10,000 a month, all while working his full-time job. >> Once the app is live, just let it go and move on to the next project. >> Most people think you need one big app to win, but Max proves that you can be successful with a portfolio of tiny bets. I asked Max to come on to the channel to break down his entire system. And in this video, we'll dive into his step-by-step process for finding ideas that actually can make money, exactly how he ships apps in just a few hours, and his step-by-step playbook you can use to ideulate, build, and launch your next app in 48 hours. This one right here is for the builders. You cannot miss it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Max, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Max. I'm father of two, a loving husband, and an iOS engineer in my daily job. During my off work hours in 8 month time, I've built a portfolio of 28 simple mobile apps that are now bringing me $10,000 monthly revenue. And the total subscribers across all apps is over 1,000 subscribers. And the daily users like four or 5K across all my apps. And the biggest chunk of revenue comes from the four apps and each one brings around $1 and a half thousand dollars and the rest they generate very small numbers. So basically there's a clear example of the famous 8020 rule. >> We're going to get into that and how you ship these so fast. But first I got to understand how do you even get to this point? What's your background? Are you a developer? How do you get to this point where you're shipping a new app basically every week? >> I started my career in software engineering as an iOS developer. That was around 8 years ago. And like many of us did, I had my like mobile pet project. I really wanted to grow and I like spent so much time on it like try different techniques. Nothing worked out. And then February this year, I came across Adam's light video on the YouTube and that literally changed my entire understanding of how to build apps. The old understanding was you have your one project, you have to grow it and just focus all your effort, all your time into it. And then Adam Slles, he showed that you could keep building simple apps. You create one app, one feature, ship it, forget about it, and jump onto another app. So that was something that I've never thought about and I was so surprised this approach exists and I'm happy that I went that way. >> Okay. So you find this new kind of way of thinking about how to approach building apps. Don't have any ego around your idea. Ship lots of different things. We're going to get all into that. Before we do, I want to understand how do you actually find good ideas for apps. >> Very first step just to find the right keyword. Basically how I look at it. If user has a problem, they open the app store and start searching by entering search term or a keyword into the search bar. And here's my process. First of all, my main source of ideas is a well-known ASO tool Astro. And then I pick a random category or something that I really want to build myself and search for various relevant keywords. I'll also try looking at areas that might have be closely related keywords that target the same group users but solving slightly different problems. For example, if you take study apps, you can target physics AI, chemistry AI, math AI. So these are different keywords, but they are related to students. That gives me an opportunity after creating one app to quickly jump into the closely related keywords in just no time. When I do my research, I make sure the keyboard has at least 20% of popularity and 60 or 70% difficulty. When I find interesting keywords, I usually check top competitors and look at their monthly revenue, which you could do with a sensor tower or a similar tools. My benchmark is at least 100 or €200 per month. If the competitor does less, meaning there's not that much money in that market, so it's not worth uh going there. What Max is doing here is genius. He has this very fine-tuned system for finding ideas, shipping fast, and then moving on to the next one. If you stick around to the end of this video, he's going to talk about exactly how he does this, which I think you will enjoy. But this whole thing got me thinking. [music] If you love watching people build fast and think big like Max, then I definitely think you should check out The Hustle, who is the sponsor of today's video. The Hustle is a free daily email that makes business news actually fun to read. They cover offbeat stories like Max's [music] every single day. And it's the kind of stuff that will actually inspire you to build and launch that business idea, no matter how crazy it sounds. I've been reading The Hustle for years, and it's one of the few emails I actually look forward to opening. It's fast, it's punchy, and it always gives me at least one story to talk [music] about with my friends. Plus, it makes me sound way smarter than I actually am. So, if you're building apps, looking for your next side hustle, or just love discovering business ideas before everyone else, The Hustle is for you. Hit the link in the description, subscribe to The Hustle, and you'll get daily stories to keep innovators like you in the loop [music] with stories on business, tech, and the internet. Thank you to The Hustle for sponsoring this video. Let's get back to the story. Max, that Astro tool seems really cool. Could you just show me like an example of how you'd find an idea? Let's say it's the tree identifier idea. >> Basically, what I do, I create a temporary app and then you can add keyword and then you go with the tree identifier and then you bring up the apps and then you just pick some closely related. This is obviously is not the one that we want. This is probably nice one. And then you look through the keywords and then you just go popularity that just I mentioned. uh say starting from 20 and difficulty uh 70. So you see the like wood identification kind of popular and the difficulty is very low. I would build that because I probably might target for this keyword and get some good results and then like I select my keywords that I'll be targeting add them to selection and then what I do I open the app store to see the revenue of this app and if it's nice enough like if it's big then I just go for that. >> Okay cool. So let's talk about that. What is your build process like? How do you build all these apps and how do you build them so quickly? >> First, I pick two three competitors and just study the app and pay close attention to the main feature that closely related to the keyword. So, I don't bother with anything else. Then, I tell Chad GPT or Gemini that I want to build an app for a given keyboard. I provide some specific UIUIUX constraints and I ask for a detailed implementation plan. Next, I create a project. I drag and drop some UI elements uh custom buttons, views like screens. So instead of building a new setting screen over and over again, I just drag and drop. And uh same with onboarding and pay wall. And for some apps uh I basically copy like 90% of the code which gives me like the instant time for the building and the app is shipped like in a couple of hours. Then once the app is ready, I open Figma, create a new project there and the copy screenshots and app icon templates from all projects. And then once uh I have everything ready, so the app is built. Then I finally ask RGBD to generate the app description. I fill in all the metadata, make sure they are relevant to the keyword that I've selected originally. Then the app is ready for distribution. And my process usually takes, it depends on the app. Some apps might take a week because like I need to do one thing, the other thing, but I have a record one app I've built like in two hours from the idea just came into my head till I submit it to review to the app store. Okay, before we finish the video, I wanted to pop in real quick and share how cool I think this whole thing is that Max is doing. Find the idea, build it, ship it, next project. This strategy is genius because building software is changing. [music] When anyone, including your grandma, can build an app, how fast you can ship apps really matters. And this is exactly the kind of stuff that we teach inside Starter Story Build. In starter story build, we will not only show you how to build an app with AI, but more importantly, we will teach you a framework that you can use to ship apps over and over again. If you join Starter Story Build, in just a few weeks, you will have a real working app. And in just a few months, you might be quitting your job and going allin on building apps. If you've gotten to this point in the video right here, I have a deal for you. Just put code 28 apps at checkout for 20% off your next Starter Story Build Boot Camp. Our next boot camp starts this week and this offer won't last forever. So if you're ready to build, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. And remember to use the code 28 apps. [music] That's 28APS for 20% off. All right, let's get back to the video. Okay, that's crazy how fast you can ship these apps. I really think there's something there. Building and shipping new apps every single week. So for anybody who's watching this right now, I'd love if you just broke down the steps from actually taking an app from idea to shipping it to the app store. Break down the exact steps on how to do this if you were starting over today. >> Always begin with finding strong keywords. Make sure the popularity difficulties great ratio and make sure the top apps are making real revenue. So you want to build apps in the market that pay cuz I don't want to waste my time on building apps that don't bring any revenue. Step two, study competitors and define the core feature. Review the top apps in the category, analyze them and choose the single core feature that will solve the main user problem better and more efficiently. Step three, plan fast with AI. Use AI tool to generate a clear development road map, feature breakdown and UX structure that removes the guesswork and lets you start building with clarity and speed. I use Corser or Cloud and I just ask them to write down all the screens and all the features and the flows so I can see the clear picture and I can understand which screens I need to build, which screens I need to copy over from the previous projects. Step four, build lean and ship quickly. Focus on shipping a clean MVP with the only features necessary to deliver value. Step five, release and move to the next build. Once the app is functional, polished enough, and life, just let it go. Move on to the next project. let data decide which app sync on which float when you just ship the app you get this famous app store boost but then over time it fades away and then I see if it keeps going down or it's kind of stabilized or even growing and if the app is not sinking it means it has potential and the last step six return to winners and scale with ads so after some time I do revisit apps that show organic traction or retention and for once the ones that float I start improving them do some polishing do some bug fixes and add ads just to double down on the results and to make sure that they grow. And that's pretty much my playbook for the all the apps that I launch. >> I want to switch topics slightly and talk about tech stack. How do you build your apps? What tools do you use and what languages are they built on? >> I don't have a lot of tools, but here they are. Flatter, this is the framework that I use for the app development. Fast Lane, this is the thing that I use for shipping everything fast. Then I use Corsur for AI coding. Firebase, this is everything. This is my app's back end. This is the authentication database and even website hosting. I also use open air and gemini for image recognition and the AI work mix panel used for analytics and I use Astro for iOS and Fox data for iOS and Android. >> Okay. And on a similar note, I'm curious about costs and margin. You're making over $10,000 a month from over 28 apps. What are the costs to run this whole app empire? >> Corser goes for like $20 a month. A fast lane, this is free tool. So, $0 a month. Open AAI is a bit costly. It's like $200 a month. Gemini goes for $50 a month. Firebase, even though there's so much going on, uh it doesn't cost much cuz I don't really go over the free tier, so it's around $5 to $10 a month. Mix panel, I'm using a free plan, so I don't pay anything. Astro goes for like $10 a month. And Fox Data, I'm also on the free plan, so it's $0 a month. >> Okay. Okay. Well, thanks for sharing that, being super transparent about the numbers. Cool to see how lean you actually run this operation. Last question that I have for everyone who comes on to Starter Story. If you could give one piece of advice to Max just a year ago on what to do, what to work on or for anyone watching right now who wants to do the same as what you're doing, what would be your advice? >> The most important advice would be not to be afraid of shipping. Don't waste your time on polishing it up, thinking about adding one more killer feature that would definitely get you a ton of users. No, don't do it. Get it ready bugs free, just one single feature, ship it, and let users tell you what they think about it while you're building another app. >> That's amazing. Best advice I heard all month, Max, thank you for coming on, sharing all this. It's amazing what you're doing. I think it might be the future of building apps and software. So, super cool to see and I'm sure it's going to keep growing. Thanks for coming on. >> Thank you. Thank you to Max for coming on to the channel. I think that his approach is really cool. The fact that he did it all while he had a full-time job, he's making $10,000 a month with 28 apps. That just shows you what is happening in the software and app landscape right now. Need to be able to build stuff fast, reuse different components, and just try a lot of different things. Building that shipping muscle is super, super important. And I imagine that one day he's going to stumble onto a very, very big idea and be able to execute on it flawlessly. And again, this is exactly what we teach inside Starter Story Build. We help you build that shipping muscle. We help you come up with an idea, build it, launch it, and get it into the hands of real users. And it takes a lot of courage to build something and put it out into the world shamelessly. All right, guys. I hope you enjoyed this episode. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO k2jecxFu2as =====
TITLE: I shipped my app in 12 hours and now it makes $15K/month
DURATION: 781.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm a part-time indie hacker and I built the MVP of my app in just 12 hours. >> Meet Lewis, a dude from India who spent his nights and weekends building projects. [music] But after failing with 15 of them, he decided he would try something different. >> I started building at noon and I wanted [music] to know if I could take an idea all the way to revenue before midnight. >> He shipped his next app in under 12 [music] hours, posted about it online, and to his surprise, it worked. All I did was just build. And >> that app now makes $15,000 a month. >> When I got my 20th paying customer, I knew I was on to something. >> Most people waste years building an MVP that nobody ever sees. But this story proves that you can build something successful in less than a day. >> It's never been easier or cheaper to build a product on. >> So, I asked Lewis to come on to the channel to break down [music] exactly how he did it. And in this video, we'll dive into exactly how he shipped his app in 12 hours with zero coding skills, why failing with 15 products was actually a secret to his success, [music] and his exact playbook for designing, building, and shipping fast if [music] he had to start over today. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, guys. Real quick before we get into the interview, I think this story is amazing because he built this whole app in a weekend. We're going to get into all that, but I do want to show you 100 more ideas that you, yes, you can go build this weekend right now. I put a link right down there in the description for you to download it. Okay, let's jump into the interview. All right, Lewis, welcome to Starter Story. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Lewis. I'm a solo part-time indie hacker and I built Audio Pen in about 12 hours. It currently makes about 15,000 a month. >> Okay, you built it in 12 hours. That's crazy. We're going to get all into that, but first I want to understand what is Audio Pen? Is it an app? SAS? What is it? >> APEN's a B2C SAS product. It's a voicetoext AI tool that lets you go from fuzzy thought to clear text very [music] very fast. It listens to you and then transcribes what you say. It then takes that transcription and transforms it into a writing style of your choice. It works across languages. It works on mobile. It works on desktop as well. Some folks use it just to capture ideas on the go. People use it to capture meeting notes. They use it to combat writer's block. And Audio Pen currently has about 200,000 users with over 5,000 paying customers. So, there's a free version that gives users a taste of the product. And then there's a paid version. I currently sell the paid version at $99 a year or $159 for 2 years. Both are non-recurring subscriptions that users have full control over and can choose to renew at the end of their term. >> Okay, before we get into how you built this in 12 hours, I want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you even get to this point? >> I have a full-time job where I work with my family business in the offline world. So, a completely different side of my life. And I dabbled in the no code space back in 2015 when the tools were very early and not as powerful as they are today. But in 2021 while working with a family business, I decided to get back into the internet world and um I discovered bubble. I built a bunch of tools of probably 15 to 20 tools most of which I failed and audio pen was the first one that succeeded and made a decent amount of revenue to bring me to a place where I can rely on it today as a solid source of secondary income. >> Okay, so let's let's dive into that for a second. You built this product in half a day. No, it didn't make $15,000 a month overnight, but the core product, the core MVP was built in about 12 hours. Can you break down for me how that was even possible and how you did it? Back in 20122, I started a hackathon online called Halfday Build in the build- in public space on Twitter where a bunch of us from all over the world would come together one Sunday, join a Slack channel or a Discord and decide to build products independently with a goal of going from idea to MVP and revenue within 12 hours. So, we'd all start at noon and we'd try to get to at least a dollar by midnight. I was getting frustrated with the number of products I had built in the past and with the low success rate that I had. So, I decided one day to just build a bunch of tiny tools on my own personal website and host them on the homepage there. I built I think four or five tools that week. While I was building it, I just kept sharing them on Twitter. And Audio Pens MVP was one of those five tools that I built. It got a lot more love than I expected it to get on Twitter. So, I figured, you know what, I'm getting some signal here. Some people seem to find this weird product that I've built useful. So I said, "What the hell? Let me just build a full version of it, put a price tag on it, and see what happens." [music] And I definitely think there was a large portion of luck. In fact, one of the principles I try to go by is very often you will not know what will work. And the cost of experimentation is so low today that you might as well build a bunch of things and see what sticks and then double down on them. So you could say that I was lucky because audio pen clicked, but I had also built, you know, 15 or 20 things before that. So, I was bound to get lucky at some point. >> Louis story is amazing, right? Shipped in 12 hours, customers on day one, and now he's making over $15,000 [music] a month. But here's something he had to figure out once the revenue started coming in. The actual business side of things, invoicing customers, tracking expenses, [music] managing cash flow, all the stuff that has nothing to do with building your product, but is very important. Well, that's exactly why we are excited to partner with Zero on this video. Zero is a cloud-based accounting platform for small businesses like yours. [music] It handles your invoicing, bills, payments, all in one place so you can get paid faster and stop worrying about messy spreadsheets. Millions of businesses around the world use Zero because it actually automates the bookkeeping side of things so you can focus on what matters most, building and shipping. And right now, you can get 90% off Zero for 6 months by using the link right down there in the description. So, if you're building something and you want to focus on shipping instead of bookkeeping, check out Zero at the link in the description. Thank you to Zero for partnering with us on this video. All right, let's get back into the interview. Okay, so you kind of post a bunch of different tools. One of them is clearly getting validation and you said, "Okay, I'm going to take it to the next level. How do you actually build it, launch it, and monetize it and [music] then grow it to 15K per month?" >> The first thing was I got signal from people. I DM' them. I was like, "Okay, why do you like this thing?" A few people explained to me what their use cases were. I figured out, okay, fine, I can design something for these use cases. Step number two was just sitting down in Figma and designing. Prior to the 12 hours, I went to Pinterest. I got inspiration. I figured out what I wanted the app to look like. And then by the end of the hackathon, maybe about 10 hours in, I launched a wait list for people so they could sign up in advance before the tool was ready. Got a bunch of people to sign up for it. Before the 12 hours was up, I started getting a bunch of Stripe notifications from the early beta testers that had just signed up for the product. And that was pretty wild to see. was totally unexpected cuz I hadn't asked them to pay for it. I had just asked them to test the product. They already had access to everything that was on offer. And if I were to think about why that worked at that point, I think there were a few things that came together well for me. One was, of course, the product was hitting a need that I didn't know people had. Secondly was I had a certain level of credibility on Twitter because I had been out there building in public for a few months or maybe a few years at that point. I also [music] think I managed to build enough hype prior to this product before I even built the product. And lastly, I think I had other people that were cheering me on as a part of this halfday build community, which also really helps because people like to see other people that trust you before they make a purchase decision. >> Okay, I mean this is an amazing story and I think a lot of people watching this are wondering how can I also build apps fast like this. So if you were to start over today knowing what you know about how to build quickly and validate ideas quickly, what would be your playbook or framework for starting over? >> I think step one for me would still be what I did back then, which is just build a bunch of stuff. Test ideas just for fun. So build small things that you can shut down without any negative consequences to the users. Step two, I would say design something before you build it. I know it's very easy today to just prompt an AI tool and tell them to just build a product. But it's very difficult to figure out what design will work and design today differentiates a product and it takes way longer than you expect. So figure out exactly what you want thing to look like, why you want it to look like that and then share those designs with the world if you can. So like step three would be build in public. Tell people what you're building. Tell them what it'll look like. See what they like about it. See what they don't like about it. Perhaps if you're seeing a lot of people resonate with what you've built, spin up a quick email list. even if it's just a simple Google form. And then step four for me would be just launch the simplest version of your product. Try your best to launch a product that doesn't look amazing if at all, but does the job that it is expected to do very well and then keep raising the price as you refine the product, but just [music] launch it as early as you can. My last piece of advice would just be if you're an indie hacker, behave like one. Don't try to sound like a big company. People really appreciate seeing another human that's building something useful. They appreciate your story. They appreciate the effort that you put into crafting a product. And I get complimented regularly by users that one of the reasons why they like audio pen is because they like that they've been part of my journey as a builder for the past couple of years. So leverage that as an indie builder. Don't try to be something that you're not. >> All right. Well, thanks for sharing that playbook. We haven't really talked about it yet, but I'd love to actually see your app, how it [music] works, and what it does. Would you be able to show it off? >> Yep. I mean, it's a pretty simple app. All it has is a big record button in the center of the screen and a bunch of notes on it. And all you do is you just press that big button and you speak for as long as you want. And the app for Prime users allows you about 15 minutes of recording. And when you're done recording, you just press the end recording button. A bunch of styles will show up. A bunch of languages will show up. A rewriting level will also show up. You can select what you want. Get a verbatim transcript if you wish. You can get something that's more concise if you want. And then you just tap on what you want and wait. Give it a couple of seconds and then it'll just give you the finished product. [music] There you can see it. A simple note that you can then share, take whatever you want, um do whatever you want with it. So free users just get a taste of the product. They have a a shorter amount of time that they can [music] record for. Premium users get a whole lot more. They have everything from writing styles to longer recordings to integrations with other apps and a bunch of other features. >> Okay, cool. So, I'm sort of wondering right now what a lot of people are watching this wondering is why is your app making $15,000 a month when there's probably a bunch of other tools that can do this and maybe a bunch of those tools maybe don't even make anything. What's special about your app and why do you think it was successful? >> I think one thing that definitely worked for me was that I was very early when I started the app. There weren't these many products of this type, but Audio Pen focuses on doing one thing very well. A lot of the other apps try to do too many things [music] at the same time and end up getting distracted. And that's a problem that I faced. Like I've been very very tempted to expand into adjacent markets just because you know apps there were doing very well but I've consciously stuck to doing the simple stuff well. Um I think that slow consistency is what has worked for me. I think that's so true. Do one thing and do it really really well. I like this idea of pointy features where you have an app that just does one thing and it does it really really well. If you can just focus on that you can do it so good that you differentiate yourself from other apps. I'll put a link in the description right now of our database of micro SASS ideas similar to Audio Pen. You guys can download that for free right now. There's a bunch of ideas in there, including Audio Pen, which is one of our case studies from Starter Story. So, you can check that out and download it if you want. Okay, let's switch topics a little bit. I know you built this by yourself. How do you actually build apps and what do you use? >> I use Bubble um before my web app costs about $130 a month. Zeno for the back end and logic costs about $260. [music] Draft Bit costs about 300 a year. Um, that's what I build my native app with. Loops, which is my email platform, costs about $800 a month. And Pausible Analytics is surprisingly [music] cheap at $19 a month. The biggest costs are, of course, API costs. It depends on what sort of APIs you decide to use, but that differs from month to month. >> Okay, cool. Well, thanks for sharing that, being transparent about the numbers. Last question that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story. If you could go back in time and give young Lewis advice on what not to do or what to do, what would be your number one piece of advice? >> Just build many things for fun because you will have fun while building those things. You will learn a lot of stuff while building each product. Most of them will fail. It happens to all of us. The moment one looks like it's not failing and it seems to be resonating with someone, double down on it. Eventually, something will click and all your failures will be forgotten by the rest of the world. >> All right. Well, have fun. That's great advice. Thanks for coming on, Lewis, and sharing everything about [music] your business. I think what you built is awesome. The fact you did it in 12 hours is amazing. So, thank you for sharing. Thanks for coming on. >> Thanks for having me. >> If you made it this far, I'm assuming you are ready [music] to build. So, I want to give you a special gift, which is a discount to our next starter story boot camp. Just use the code [music] ready to build. That's ready, the number two, and build. You can plug that into Starter Story Build and get your special offer. All right, guys. I'll see you in the next one.


===== VIDEO xeUhKuJbeWQ =====
TITLE: I Built 4 SaaS Apps to $100K MRR: Here's My Exact Playbook
DURATION: 1139.0
TRANSCRIPT:
This is everything I know about building a successful SaaS. This is Tibo, a dude from France I've been following for a while who's launched dozens of products online. But, recently I noticed that he's been on an absolute tear. >> Over the last 4 years, I've built four apps which passed over 100 K per month. Not just one app, Tibo has four separate SaaS products doing over $100,000 MRR each, which is unheard of. So, I gave him a call and asked him how this is even possible and he shared everything. >> I failed for 5 years because I didn't know this. In this video, Tibo and I walk through his specific playbook he uses over and over again to launch successful SaaS companies, including [music] the number one thing builders get wrong about validating their ideas, why he's building six different apps versus just one, and his exact 12-step playbook he uses for all of his apps. This is a video you cannot miss, so let's dive in. I'm Bat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Tibo, the legend is in the house. Tell me about who you are, Tibo, what you built, and what's your story. I'm Tibo. Some people know me because I built and exit [music] Tweet Hunter and Taplio. It was an 8 billion acquisition. [music] I'm building five apps right now, trying to slowly grow them to 10 million in annual revenue. I've built many apps, so I'm going to be talking about my playbook, the one that I'm using every day and which got me to have four apps above 100 K per month. Okay, I mean, insane. Five different products doing $700,000 a month is crazy. Can you break down all these five different businesses? What kind of businesses are they? The highest revenue making is a video making software. It's called Rabbit.ai. It's basically something where you can input a video, input a text, and Rabbit will try to create an engaging video. I think Rabbit is my oldest software. It's making something like 400 K per month and still growing 10% month over month, which is quite crazy to me. The second one is called Alfronk. It might be the fastest growing of all my my products. It just passed 200 K per month. It started just as a blog post generator and right now it's slowly becoming an all-in-one SEO SaaS to just grow your organic traffic. The next one is Super X. It just passed 13 K per month. It's an all-in-one SaaS to grow an audience on on X. Next one is Post Sinker. It's the smallest of all my products. It's making 1.5 K per month. It's also social media tool. I love this space, but this one is more made for people who want to be everywhere. You can post on 10 platform. And the last one is the one that I spent the most money on. It's called Feather. It's a blogging tool making about 10 K per month. I acquired it for 250 K. It takes your Notion Notion pages and Notion contents and put that as a blog on the web. So, all that together, I think it's earning something like 700 K per month, 50 K paying customers. The total amount of monthly revenue is growing about 20% per month consistently for over 6 months. Right now, there's just no sign that it's stopping. This is crazy. You've built over four successful apps, have done it all very recently in the last couple years. I talk to a lot of people who want to build SaaS and they struggle. They struggle to even make a dollar. Yet, you've done this four times in the last couple years and have insane success. I wanted to bring you on the channel to share that playbook. You have this whole 12-step playbook that I'm really excited for you to go over. But, before we get into that, I want to understand what is the meta here? What are you doing differently in terms of building products, building SaaS, building things online that nobody else is doing? What are you, Tibo, doing differently than everybody else online? I think there is basically one big thing and a hundreds of very small and tiny things. And I think the the one big things is everyone is just building new stuff, adding features because they think that it's going to be the thing that people are are expecting. But, what they do not do is what's hard for them, which is talking to people. People right now on the market who are able to build software are also the most shy people and I think I'm part of those. Like I just I'm a I'm developer. I want to stay on my cave. This entire framework that we're going to talk about, I think it's just about that. It's just about you need to do the hard things that feel uncomfortable, which is talking to people every day and try to understand their true pain. Tibo's story is awesome and his portfolio of multiple $100,000 per month projects is very impressive. And what I'm even more impressed is the fact that he's been able to do this over and over again. But, here's the thing. Tibo isn't just guessing. [music] He's following a specific playbook that we're talking about today and he's growing his apps at an insane [music] rate. I know a lot of you watching want to figure out how to crack growth just like Tibo. That's why I'm excited to share a free resource from HubSpot for Startups that I think you're going to really find valuable. It's called the Hypergrowth Startup Index and it gives you a clear look at what the top startups are doing differently right now to grow. Things like how they're using AI to streamline operations, rethink their go-to-market strategies, and scale with small, focused teams. It also covers trends like why strategic partnerships >> [music] >> are replacing the need for traditional VC funding, and how successful exits have changed from 5 years ago. I personally found the case studies in there from Clay, G2, and Goldcast especially valuable. They shared the exact moves that helped those companies scale fast. So, if you're tired of guessing and want the data behind what actually works, check out the Hypergrowth Startup Index at the first link in the description. I put it right down in there for you to download for free. Thank you again to HubSpot for Startups for sponsoring this video. Let's get back to the story. What I'm really excited to have you come on and share, Tibo, is your playbook for starting a SaaS if you were to start over today. You have this awesome 12-step playbook on how to think about building SaaS online. I would love if you could go through this whole playbook for me and for everyone watching right now. The first thing that I need you to do is find a way to build your MVP in days or weeks. What I mean by that is take shortcuts and you can find like multiple shortcuts today. It can be using no-code. I built some MVPs using Bubble.io. Use boilerplate. You can definitely skip many things when you code and most of the expert people will not compromise on those things, but I think you should. You will have a 90% failure rate. It's same for me, it's the same for a lot of people that I know. It's very hard to know for sure that you have something that people want. And so, if you want to take a year and fail 90% of the time, it might take like 9 years to get something that's working. You should find a way to compress that in weeks and you are able to ship a a new project every week. You're going to reach success like much, much faster. Step two, you have this MVP. What I want you to do is find the five to 10 people that are very relevant to this product. Like they are your core target audience and you find a way to reach out to them. It can be through a tweets, a subreddits, or it can be through email. Why this is important? If your mom is testing your idea, if she finds it relevant or not, [music] there is absolutely no real knowledge that you can gain from that. If the person is not relevant, like there is absolutely no point in listening to this feedback, either positive or negative. Step three, when you started reaching out to people, what you need to do from there is build a true relationship with each one of the people you're reaching out to. You end up truly understanding what's the person life is about, like what's the pain is about, and how you can truly deliver value because you really understand the workflow of the people, you really understand like the core pain. Item four, talk to them every single day. You are looking for recurring usage and so you are looking for how to make people to come back every day on your software. And so, by talking to them every day, you will understand [music] why they are not coming back or why they are coming back and how you can reproduce that feeling for other customers. One thing that I did which worked very, very well for me is until each product is making 10 K per month in revenue, the supports link on each software is directing people to my Twitter DMs. [music] And that creates a daily flow of people that comes to me. People feel much, much closer from you [music] and it gives you this insane reactivity where if someone tells you about something and you fix it in like 5 to 10 minutes, they might be that customers for life. Something that can change the [music] game is step five, understand the ultimate goal of the users. By understanding how far you can go with helping them achieving their ultimate goal and how much you can help them doing so, you can like 10 times or 100 times generate more value to your users. So, step six, when it comes to building features, remember that you need to fix your users' problems and not yours. One thing that I'm doing every with pretty much every one of my products is being the user of my own products. [music] And by doing that, I'm 10 times more relevant with understanding the core problem and giving a proper solution. Every single time there is a tiny thing to fix, I just fix it, and life gets better for uh both me and the users. When you are able to build a feature in like an hour or two from when people are asking on the tweets, it creates this insane feeling for the guy. He's going to talk about that. He's going to uh become the first advocate for your product. Step seven, it's about iterating. What you did before, you need to to do it again and maintain this constant relationship [music] with users. Something that worked insanely well for me is by being active on socials. I was able to maintain a constant relationship with people, and I was seeing every day people are asking for new stuff on my software. Step eight, at that step, a lot of people are trying to go abroad, and I think it's it's happening way too soon. What I want you to do with step eight is repeat until they cannot live without your software. If you go abroad, like if you focus on acquisition and at the same time have a low retention, you will spend a lot of energy pushing people to your software, and 99% of those people are going to flow away directly after trying your software. You need to make sure that your retention is good. You need to make sure that you have stickiness. If you want to build a sustainable business, you want true value delivered to your customer, which translates with stickiness. One amazing way to know if uh you have stickiness, are people complaining about something? Well, most people think that if if you have a user complaining about something, it's usually a bad thing. And I think it's really not the case. Like if if you are a user that takes some of his time to complain about something on your software, it definitely means that he's committed to using your software. Like he wants you to to fix it. So now, we just talked about the hardest part, the eight steps until you kind of I don't want to say product market fit, but you have some sort of stickiness. Now it's time to go and think about distribution. So what's the next step there? Step nine, um basically it's go broad. There are tons of acquisition channel. I think at this step, you need to figure out which one are really working to you. To do that, you need to go broad. Like you need to try many many things and see what's actually working. What's basically true right now is like launching on Product Hunt, uh launching on socials, and talking about your software, like building in public is basically free. So doing that is maybe good enough [music] to get to the one to three K per month that you need to uh to live and to spend a little bit more on your products. In my case, launching on Product Hunt and talk about my software on socials is always the thing that I do until 10 K of revenue. Step 10, at one point, a company needs to become a media company. Either you are good with socials or you are good with SEO or you are good with cold emailing. This is what uh step 10 is about. You need to create content. You need to build a pipe or workflow that makes you able to ship content that's going to fuel everything that you you do. You need to have something to say [music] about your industry. You need to have testimonials, interact case studies of people that are incredibly successful with your software. But you need to have this engine of creating content that's going to fuel everything else that you do. Step 11, what you want here is do sustainable things that are able to help you scale much further, which in my opinion are SEO, ads, and affiliation. You can set it once and can scale to crazy high limits. Take ads for example. If you have a working ads with one K per month of of ad budgets, it's likely that you can go 10 K or even 100 K by keeping the optimization running on on those ads. It definitely mean that there is something to dig that here. So I think a very nice example of that is [music] Outrank. It basically grew from zero to 20 K per month by just building in public. But like past 20 K per month, if you want the growth to continue at the same rhythm, you cannot just rely on that. So we worked we we started doing ads. We worked the SEO much further by hiring something dedicated to that, and we ramped up the affiliate program trying to make their life super easy with recommending Outrank, and it worked. Like that's how we grew from 20 to 200. Step 12 is scale what works and kill what doesn't. I know that I I said earlier that you need to go broad and try out all the acquisition channels that are available in the market. It's because acquisition is hard, but in the end, my experience is for each software, growth is pretty much about one or two acquisition channels. Those two acquisition channels, I'm going all in on them. Take SEO for example. I know that SEO works very well for posting your like I know people are asking a lot of question around social media. Once [music] SEO work, you have so much work that you can do which is SEO related. Find new keywords, find new queries that people are asking for. On each acquisition channel, if they work, there is always way to double down on them. This is basically my 12-step playbook. This is basically what I do with every single one of my products. I think this way I grew four products above 100 K per month. Okay, Thibault, thank you for sharing that amazing playbook. I do have a question. You have six products, and you probably had a lot of other products that you've tried and currently trying lots of other products to see if they have product market fit. Sometimes I hear people arguing online about if you should just go all in on one product or you have this sort of portfolio of projects. Clearly, you've gone for the portfolio strategy, but I'm curious why. I have a family. I have like a two kids and a wife, and um I really want to be able to sustain the family. And [music] I think this move is primarily driven by fear. Like I'm scared as hell right now, cuz like the the world is moving too fast. Sometimes I feel I feel lost with the [music] 10 AI news that we have every day. It's pretty much every day that you see some new AI killing startups because it makes them obsolete. So I think this move of creating multiple products is really about being more resilient. If OpenAI release a [music] new feature tomorrow and it kills one of my products, which by the way happened when Elon Musk took over X and almost killed TweetHunter like while it was making 200 K per month. If that happens today and OpenAI kills one of our products, it's not going to be the end of the world. We going to be able to uh sustain the company and [music] my family, and that's why I'm I'm moving forward this way. I want to ask you a question that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story. For that person that's watching this right now, or for young Thibault before you had your exit, before you had all your businesses, what would be your number one piece of advice to make it in this build online world? Your job is to deeply understand the core need of uh your user. And to that, I just give two advice, which is one, maintain a constant communication [music] channel with your user. It can be social. I think it's a great one, but this is really up to you. Talk to your user every day and understand their core situation. And the second one is being the user of my own products helped me becoming an expert on the problem that I'm trying to solve. And so I understand much more what I'm trying to do and how to solve my own problem. Well, thank you, Thibault. I think that's the best advice I heard all year. Thanks for coming on, sharing your playbook. Amazing what you've built. So thanks for coming on, sharing, being so transparent about everything. That was amazing being here. Like thank you so much, Bots, for having me. Thank you to Thibault for coming on to the channel, sharing so transparently all those different SaaS businesses he's built, all six of them that are all really successful. Absolutely insane numbers. I've never seen anything like it. Personally, I think the playbook's amazing, but the biggest piece that he talked about is the need for builders to get out of their shell, to get out of their cave, and talk to people. Talk to customers every single day. Be on X and have that direct line of communication with your customers. I really do believe that that is the difference between a lot of people building stuff, not really seeing a lot of success, and the people that absolutely crush it like Thibault. And if you're ready to do the same, to get off the sidelines, to build something, to launch it, to get it into the hands of customers, and talk to them every day, you should definitely check out Starter Story Build. It is our program where you will come up with an idea, build it, launch it, and get it in the hands of customers in just a couple weeks using only AI tools. I'll put a link [music] in the description for you to check that out. Our next cohort is starting this week. All right, guys, that's it for this episode. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO SJOFUBNHYqU =====
TITLE: I make $120K/year from 3 mobile apps
DURATION: 846.0
TRANSCRIPT:
This is Pre. This year, he's already launched three apps that are making over $10,000 a month. We've gone from zero to 120K in the past year. His strategy is simple. Find a personal problem and build an app that solves it. That's it. That's why I think we have top apps in the space of our niches. He's already built three successful apps with a strategy and plans to do it over and over. I asked Pre to come onto the channel to break down his playbook of building a portfolio of hyper niche apps. And he shared everything, including how to find great app ideas, why building multiple apps is way better than building just one, and his step-by-step playbook for how anyone can do the same from scratch [music] right now. If you care about it, ship it. Even crazier, he did this entire interview while walking on a treadmill, which is absolutely insane. This one was fun. Let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Press to the channel. I see you're on a treadmill right now, which I have no idea why you're doing that, but tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story? >> Yeah, I am on a treadmill. Just got to keep it on brand. We make health and wellness apps, so I figured jump on the pod while walking on a treadmill. I'm Pre and I built the wellness company. We make health and wellness apps. So, I have three apps right now in the app store. Our [music] earliest app was launched 10 months ago and we've gone from zero to 120K ARR in the past year and all focused in health and wellness. >> Cool. So you have three different apps that you've basically launched in the last 10 months. I think that's kind of a cool strategy and we're going to get into the apps that you actually built. But before we do, I want to understand a little bit more about the numbers behind these apps and the numbers behind the business. Our total monthly revenues are 10.4K and these are all subscription based revenue. Total downloads are over 20,000. Most of this is organic from app store and organic search. We have over 1,500 paying subscribers. And right now our freeto paid conversion is around 8% which is around the higher side just because these are niche apps. And our day 30 free to paid retention is 61%. Okay. So can you give me a little breakdown of what these apps do and what niche you're building for all these apps? Our first app that we launched is called Go Polar. It's an app to track your cold plunge and your sauna sessions using your Apple Watch or your iPhone. The next app is called SunSeek. It's an app to help your sleep and circadian rhythm by showing you and telling you when to get sunlight and also helps you get your vitamin D. And then the third app is Posture AI. It helps you correct your poor posture that you likely get from sitting at a desk, mostly targeting desk workers. And then we have a new app coming out, Tempo, which is a health aggregator. kind of collects all of your health wearable data, puts them into a nice interface and allows you to have a companion that guides you through your health, focusing on your one main health goal. Whether that's trying to lose 10 lbs or maybe you want to climb Kilamanjaro, that will help you do that. Our three apps all focus on health and wellness. So, we're very niche, but there's a very large audience overlap. So, we'll have some Go Polar users that are also Sunseek users that are also posture AI users, and hopefully also we'll become Tempo users when we [music] launch that. The reason we target the same audience is because of the overlap. So users of our one product, we don't have to remarket and create a new audience and list to target. We already have that and that exists in our other app. And then when we market to them, it's not marketing cold. They already use our products and it's a new product that is most likely exciting for that user. Okay, cool. I really like that idea of building a portfolio of apps, but not just a bunch of random stuff, but actually all the products serve the same audience, which gives you opportunities to market new apps and products to the same customers. We're going to get all into that, but first before we do, I do have to get into your background. How do you get to this point where you have three successful apps that are making money in the app store? I actually went to college for business. I didn't really know what I wanted to do. But after first year, I quickly realized that school was not for me. And I really just wanted to build things, create things, and get started working. So after first year, I actually dropped out of school. And I didn't have an idea that I wanted to pursue at this time. I knew I wanted to build things. I also knew I wanted to learn. So I sent an email to different entrepreneurs and investors that I had come across on Twitter or podcasts. One of them was an angel investor. Long story short, I get a job. I end up working there for 7 years. So during my time at launch, I got to see all these thousands of founders. I'd be on calls with them. They'd be showing me their products, what they built, how they built it, how they got their first users. And from that point, I learned that I could be doing the same thing. This inspired me to start creating my own products on the side while working at launch before deciding to go full-time on the wellness company. Really learned the ins and outs of what it takes to build a company, ship a product, and through that got the confidence to know that I could be one of these founders and create my own thing and ship it. I always have been building in health and wellness just because that's where I care most deeply about. I grew up with my mom teaching me about meditation and different wellness tools that I could do to feel better and think clearly. And so I knew I always wanted to build in the space. Okay. So you see lots of people building apps. You realize you can do it too. How do you then find the idea for what to work on? How did you decide on what to build for your first app? I personally love to track my activities just to see how they measure up against different metrics that I'm tracking through my wearables. And so I looked at the app store. There wasn't a great app that tracked your specific niche activity like a cold plunge, like a sauna, like a cold shower. And I figured I could build this experience. And so that's the first version of Go Polar, which was just solving a personal need of wanting to track that activity. And there was no great app to do that. And from there, we had new ideas. And now the app is one of our main apps for the wellness company. Okay, cool. What you mentioned there is actually really important. I really like that. Is that this was a personal problem that you experienced. Is this sort of part of your strategy for finding other ideas in your niche or how does that work? That was part of the main idea. If I experienced this pain, I could build a better product than my competitors. Also, I would care more about it. And building apps is hard. Like nothing about it is really, really easy. But if you love what you're building, you'll put in the effort and put in those extra details to craft a better experience. And then that will just compound into getting more downloads, getting more revenue. >> Press didn't just build three apps. He built a real business. Running a business isn't just about selling more. It's about everything that comes with it. When your business takes off, you unlock a new set of problems that can slow you down and even threaten your success. And what I'm talking about right now is [music] sales tax compliance. Thousands of rules change constantly across states and countries [music] and the last thing that you want is your product launch to be interrupted by a letter from the state. Well, that's where Avalara Avatax comes in. Avatax tracks your sales history [music] in real time and alerts you when you're getting close to economic nexus thresholds so [music] you can act before it becomes a problem. No spreadsheets, no frantic searches, and no late night wait are we compliant in Illinois moments. And that's [music] because Avitax maintains more than 900,000 tax rules and 82,000 rates, all updated [music] automatically. It works with the systems you already use with more than 1,400 signed integrations, including Shopify, Netswuite, [music] and QuickBooks. You also get audit ready reports, so small issues don't [music] become big ones. More than 43,000 customers in over 75 countries use Avalara to handle the complex parts of compliance so they can focus on growing their business. With Avalara, you'll protect your time, your focus, and your ability to keep growing. If you're serious about scaling, do not let compliance [music] slow you down. Take a self-guided tour of Avalar Avitex at the first link in the description to see how it works for your business. Thank you to Avalara for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. I talked to a lot of people through the channel that want to start stuff, and I always say the same thing is why start something [music] in a space you don't know anything about? you're going to have to spend years learning about that space, learning about the problem, or you can go and build something that you know a lot about and you're going to save a lot of time and build something probably better. So, I think that actually is really smart. I think a lot of people watching this want to do the same. They want to build an app around something that they're passionate about or a space they know about. You've done this and you've done this multiple times. So, my question for you would be, what would be your playbook for doing this from scratch today? Okay, so here's my step-by-step playbook for how I think about this. Step one, you probably have a passion or deep interest in something. Figure out what that passion or deep interest is. So for me, it's always been health and wellness. Just because when I focus on my health, I feel better throughout the day. I have better energy. I sleep better and my life becomes more fulfilling. Step two, once you figured out that passion or interest, what problem do you encounter within that? And the way you find problems actually will come organically to you. If you do the activity naturally, there's always something in the back of your head that could be improved. And you just have to open your mind to paying attention to what that could be. And step three, once you found that problem, now it's time to build the solution. And you want to build this quickly, which means not spending too much time overthinking, overanalyzing what the solution is, but just trying to solve it quickly by building an MVP with a tool like Lovable or Replet or Bolt. Step four, you want to think about distribution on day zero before you even launch. And there's always a creator in your niche. if there isn't. The great thing about solving for a problem that you yourself encounter is that you can create the content. You know exactly why you're building this product. And so just talk about it on these platforms and you'll start to build an audience. And step five, put in the reps. It takes reps to build a really great product. [music] And the faster you can ship, the closer you'll get to that winning product. Most founders and company's first product don't break out, but it's that third, that fourth, that fifth iteration that really builds a great experience. The reason I started the wellness company as a product studio was because I didn't know what that one winner was going to be. I launched Go Polar as one product. Then we launched another one and another one and another one. But I treated each app as a different repetition of building product. The next product after Goar was Sunseek and Sunseek was crafted better than Grow Polar on day one because of those reps that I had taken. And there aren't any shortcuts around this. You have to put in the reps. You have to build the product and you'll just get better over time. So yeah, that would be my five-step process if I were to start over again. >> Okay. Thank you for sharing that playbook. Now, I want to dive into like actually what you built. I know you have three apps. Could you actually show me those apps and what they do? All right. So, here on the bottom left, we have Go Polar. This is the first app that I launched. I'm going to open up here. You see I have a nice dashboard of my cold activities, my hot activities. You can see the list here of all my cold plunges and sauna activities. And I can go inside an activity and see finer details like my heart rate trend and the water temperature, etc. Next, we have sunseek. This is the [music] morning light exposure and vitamin D app. So you can see right here, this morning I had zero minutes of morning light exposure. And I have a progress bar here showing me the minutes that it's captured. Today it's at zero cuz I didn't go out and get it. I can also see the list of my activities here of the sessions of morning light exposure. And then here we have a fun little lux calculator. If I point this at the sun, I can get a lux measurement here. And that fits into the app and experience as well. And here we have posture AI. So this is our posture correction app. The main feature of it is taking a scan of the user. And so here you see me, but I would put this phone down against the wall and it would scan me and give me a posture scan result. So here I have a poor reading and you can see it highlights areas of improvement here. So I might have a head tilt likely from sitting at a desk too long and it'll give me an analysis and report of how to [music] fix that. And here we have the latest app, Tempo, which we're launching in a few weeks. The idea behind this is it takes all your wearable data and your blood tests, etc., and puts it into a health span score. So you can see I've got a 81 here and I can see what markers are affecting that score and what I might need to improve. I can also chat with my health here since it has all the context of my changing data and my labs. I can get better answers from the AI. So all these apps make us about 120k ARR. All right. Well, cool. Thanks for sharing that. I want to switch topics a little bit and talk about how you built these. What's the tech stack behind all these apps? How do you build apps? We use a bunch of tools inside the wellness company. Figma for all things design. Cloud code and Xcode for our mobile app development. Superbase for backend and database. iMessage for customer support. Keep it easy. Revenue cap for subscriptions and paywall. Sentry for crash logs and error monitoring. Post hog for analytics. Since we have so many different apps, we need to stay organized and linear helps us do that. Chat GPT for just general business thinking and app thinking and feature development. Cap Cut for editing videos. Framer for landing pages. And Lovable for testing MVP ideas before we go out and build the app. Okay, cool. And on that note, what does it cost to run a business like this and what do the margins look like? >> So, the total cost for our tools is about 300 a month and Apple takes their 15% cut if you make under a million dollars. So, our margins still stay close to that 80 85% range. Thanks for sharing that and being transparent about the numbers. The last question that I have for you and that we ask everyone who comes on the channel, a lot of people watching this want to build a bunch of different cool apps in a space that they're passionate about. What advice would you have for anyone watching this that wants to do the same? If you care about it, ship it. Ideas were meant to be shared. If you have any single idea that you think is worth pursuing, it is and you should build a product around it and ship it. And also motivation and energy is fleeting. So when you have that idea, when you have that energy, take the first step to build that thing. And any idea is worth taking that first step if it brings energy to you. Thank you, Pre, for coming on the channel. I love what you built. All these different apps. I'm sure [music] they're going to grow to be huge. Thanks for coming on. Thanks for sharing everything. Thanks, Pat. What I really love about his businesses is that he built apps that solved personal problems for him. He was on a treadmill while he did this. He's clearly passionate about health and wellness. And all of his apps sort of solve problems in that domain. Cold plunges, sunlight therapy. This all works because he's serving the same customer instead of building random apps that all do different things in different categories. Every app he builds gets better and can be sold to this larger group of customers that [music] he has. That I think is the secret to building multiple apps. And his skills prove it. On the same topic of skills, this is why we launched Starter Story Build. In Starter Story Build, we will give you the skills to help you turn your [music] ideas and your passions into real apps using only AI tools. If you're ready to get off the sidelines, launch your project, do it the right way, then head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, guys, that's it for this episode. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 7KqlwjBM_tM =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $30K/month Micro-SaaS (Subscribr Breakdown)
DURATION: 989.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My name is Gil and I vipcoded an AI app that makes over $30,000 a month. >> Meet Gil, a developer who built a SAS to $30,000 a month thanks to one simple strategy, >> which was, I think, the the key thing that made this successful. >> Instead of spending months building and then finding customers, Gil took a very different route. >> And I made my first $20,000 before the idea was even built. I brought Gil onto the channel and he shared everything, including how he came up with a $30,000 per month SAS idea in an industry he knew nothing about, how he built up hype for an app that didn't exist, and the playbook for how anyone can do this starting over from scratch right now. This is one that you cannot miss. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Okay, Gil, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. Thanks for having me, Pat. My name is Gil and I vibe coded an AI app that makes over $30,000 a month. Subscriber is an AI script writing tool for YouTube creators. It was profitable from day one and 18 months later I have over 4,000 customers. We have a SAS subscription model. We have plans anywhere from $49 to $300 a month. >> Okay, cool. This business is awesome. Can you give me a little bit more numbers behind the business and how it's doing? The amount of revenue every month varies, but typically it's around $30,000 a month, and that's in subscription revenue. And in total, in the past year, I've done over $700,000 in sales. So, we've got over 4,000 customers today. We acquire those customers through word of mouth, social media, and a big part of that is actually our programmatic SEO campaigns where we bring in over 30,000 views a month just from Google. Before we get into how you built this, how you grew this, I want to get a little bit more on your background. How do you get to the point where you even start a SAS business like this? >> Well, I started my first SAS actually when I was a teenager. I started coding, you know, when I was 15. And by the time I got to college, I was already working out in the field doing, you know, freelance uh software development. And so I actually dropped out of college pretty early and was doing that for several years. After that, uh, I was a victim of Hurricane Katrina. kind of had to start over and so I moved to New York City. I co-founded a company called Squidoo, which was a social publishing platform. We grew that to over $10 million in revenue. After uh Squidoo was acquired, I moved on to consulting for a while. Then I got the itch to start something new, you know, as a startup founder. Got into the cryptocurrency space. Uh there was really no QuickBooks for crypto. There was no accounting solution for businesses that are using crypto. So we dove into that. We were one of the first solutions on the market. We raised millions of dollars from VCs and then we actually ended up selling that company too. >> Okay. So, you're in this VC world. You work on and sell multiple companies. How do you decide to go the bootstrap route and how do you come up with an idea that eventually makes $30,000 a month? >> Well, there's nothing wrong with the VC backed route, but after selling that last company, I was really excited for a change. I started posting videos on YouTube talking about my ideas for what kind of company I would want to start next. At the same time, I was getting more into YouTube itself and getting into this idea of faceless YouTube channels where you can create channels on the back end. So, I started putting together a team. I quickly realized that script writing is this huge bottleneck. It's actually really hard to find good script writers even though we sort of know what a good YouTube script looks like. I tried using chat GPT and I saw that it was nowhere near good enough to, you know, write the kind of script that I wanted to see. But I made a bet that if I took all of my experience as an entrepreneur and as a software developer that I could build a solution that actually worked. >> Okay, cool. Well, I think that's super interesting that you actually attempted to build a business in an industry that you really didn't know all that much about. And that's one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on the channel is you had this interesting strategy on how to validate an idea that maybe you weren't fully deep into. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? >> I did what anyone would do. I signed up for X. I opened up a brand new account uh with zero followers and I started following everyone in the YouTube space. From there I uh you know started finding opportunities to create things of value for people in that space using my skill set as a software engineer. So I started putting together little pieces of content and I would put it out there using viral giveaways on on X and from there I was able to build up an email list of over a thousand people. you know, every week or so, I would just hit hit up this list with new findings that I had and in the background I would reach out to each person individually to talk to them about this idea for this app that I wanted to build. So, I was getting feedback on this idea and when I realized I had something, I knew it was time to monetize it. So, I mocked up this idea and I uh then knew I needed to get validation on it. So, I set up a pre-sale. The pre-sale was 50 licenses of the software that are basically lifetime subscriptions to it and it was at kind of an absurdly low price. I figured if I could sell these that it was validation that this is actually a product that people would want to buy. The first 10 licenses were super super cheap and then every 10 after that went up. So there was a little bit of FOMO for those early adopters. pretty quickly it sold out I think within 2 or 3 days and I made my first $20,000 before the idea was even built. Now there was one catch and that catch is that I told people at any point in time you can ask for your money back. I'm going to deliver this product to you in 60 days and after that you'll have 2 weeks to continue trying it and ask for your money back. So, if I didn't get this right, all that money that I worked for would be lost, and I had 60 days to just put my head down and make the thing happen. >> What I love about Gil's story is that he didn't spend months building something that nobody wanted. He validated demand, got the customers, and then he built the app. I think this mindset is the shift that separates winners from everybody else building stuff right now. If you learn how to harness AI, once you have your idea, you can build it really fast, sometimes in just a couple weeks or even a couple days. And this is exactly what we teach inside Starter Story Build. Inside Starter Story Build, you'll find our boot camp where we will show you how to find an idea, how to build it, and how to launch it all with just AI. We've had thousands of people already go through our programs and launch their first, second, and sometimes even third apps. It is so cool to see these projects come to life and see how AI is helping people do this even faster. Our next boot camp starts this week. So, if you are ready to get off the sidelines and you are ready to build, just head to that first link right down there in the description to check out Starter Story Build and everything we do to help you build and launch your next big thing. All right, let's get back to the video. I think that's really important that you mention there that final catch which you didn't really mention right until the end which is you actually hadn't built the product yet. This is why I wanted to bring on the channel because I think this is so genius. Can you break this down a little bit more about why this works and why you did this? >> The curse of being a software developer is that it's so easy to fall in love with an idea. And I've done this so many times before. Too often we just get excited about that invention without making sure that it's actually like a painkiller. So as an entrepreneur we always want to be selling a painkiller, not a vitamin. A vitamin is a nice to have. A painkiller is something you have to have and it's going to sell a lot better. The traditional advice with startups is to go and talk to your friends and say, "What do you think about this idea? Give me feedback." Maybe the next level of advice would be to say, "How much would you pay for this tool if it existed?" I actually think that that feedback is not good enough. In fact, it's actually quite dangerous because it lets you think you have validation. So, you go in a hole for 3 months or however long it takes to build this thing and then you pop up for air and you say, "Hey guys, it's ready." And the problem with that approach, they say, you know, I would be willing to pay $20 a month if I didn't have this other subscription or I would be willing to pay once I get this check-in from my old company. And I've seen this happen so many times. So, the only way to really get validation is to collect money from people. And the faster you can get to that, the more likely it is that your startup is going to succeed. >> Okay, that's amazing. I think it's one of the best pieces of advice for anybody bootstrapping anything with their own cash. What I really want to get from you, and I think a lot of people watching this would be wondering, if you were to give advice to someone watching right now on how to do that, what would be your exact playbook if you had to start over from scratch today? >> Well, step one is you have to build an audience because if you don't have an audience, you don't have anyone to sell to. People buy because they trust you. And especially today when it's so easy to create products that there's a million products out there. People buy based on believing in a brand or a person. Post the raw, you know, build in public type stories of you with your thought process and what you're doing. And that will help establish trust with people. The way I did that was just by putting out free things of value that took me time to create, but I knew would be helpful to other people. in addition to just showing up and being really authentic about who I was and why I was there. That alone can get you an audience of people that trust you and are engaged with you. And that really is the first step. Step two is you've got to set up an email list and start communicating with people at least once a week. So, while your social media can be a great way to kind of interact with new people, your email list is really where you're building that trust. And what's cool is that when you start emailing people, they will email you back and you start this dialogue and you can start to talk to them about your idea. You can even use your email list to put out your ideas, get the replies back as your feedback on how to improve your idea. Show up, do that weekly because when it's time to hit up that email list in order to, you know, start your pre-sale, you're going to need that level of engagement. So step three is you've got to do the math on what validation would look like for you. In my case, I knew I needed to make about $20,000 to fund, let's say, 3 months of my life in order to work on this thing. And so I worked out how many people I would need based on my target price point of what I thought this type of customer would pay. And that led me to 50 people to buy. And so then I worked out the math of how big does my email list need to be in order to potentially get 50 buyers. And so I thought about conversion rates. You know, it's obviously going to depend. But that gives you a very scientific way of understanding, you know, what kind of audience that you need to build before you're ready to start this pre-sale. Step four is we're ready to do the pre-sale. Now, you've got to get aggressive about this because there's no one who's going to be excited about your product unless you make them excited. So, you've got to set up an email sequence every single day for seven days. Start teasing out the benefits of this product that you're building. And yes, you can talk about features, too, but it's really about the benefits for them. Really get emotional and talk about how this benefit is going to impact their life. And the more that you can do this, the more likely it is that people are going to convert. And towards that last day, really start hitting home this concept of the pre-sale that's launching. Do not give any details away yet. Just give a date. On the launch day, you've got to have several emails queued up so people know exactly when it's going live. You've got to have reminders when the pre-sale is about to end. And you've got to be firing on all cylinders on all of your social media channels. You've got to be really visible during that time. And if you work really, really hard and engage with people, it's an incredible thing when you actually pull off a pre-sale like that. So, a key part of the pre-sale is to have an offer so good that people can't help it but say yes. And if you follow Alex Hormosy's $und00 million offers, he talks about this a ton. For me, for the first 10 customers, might have not even been profitable, but I knew it was something that people would say yes to. I also wanted to give people total security and comfort in their purchase. So, the way that I did that was by offering a money back guarantee. So the entire time in between when the pre-sale happened and when the product was delivered, they could ask for their money back. People had the confidence in knowing that they could get their money back. Especially for someone who's new in the space, they were able to go ahead and make that purchasing decision. So for whatever your product is, think of an offer so good that people can't help but to say yes. >> Well, I mean, that's awesome. Thanks for sharing that. I want to switch topics a little bit to techstack. I understand that you vibecoded this SAS app. Can you share the actual tech stack that you use to build this and what you use to build this app? >> I use cloud code. Probably 90% of my code is written with cloud code. I keep it super simple. I'm using a Laravel app u which is a really excellent PHP framework that's got tons of great support and uh I'm just hosting that on digital ocean. But I would say in general that you know I'm not relying on a ton of external services but besides the AI model providers and it's uh just a pretty chill setup that I've I've really been enjoying. So in terms of the the cost to run the business, the biggest thing is definitely AI compute. Today I'm probably spending about $3,500 a month just on the AI compute and that's coming from a bunch of different model providers. I'm spending about $2,000 a month on ads. And uh I have another $1,500 a month in other things like web scraping, hosting, and sending emails to my users. >> Okay, awesome. Thank you for sharing that, being so transparent about the numbers. The last question that I have for you that we ask all founders who come on to Starter Story, if you could stand on Young Gil's shoulders, when you officially started the Bootstrap business, what would be your advice? And what would be your advice to anyone watching this right now? Well, the first thing is you cannot fall in love with your idea without validating it by doing some sort of pre-sale, validating that people are willing to pay for it. The second thing is as a bootstrapper, the number one thing that you've got to strive for is profit. There are many decisions you could make as money starts to come in that could creep into your profit. Whether that's hiring expensive agencies who promise the world to you or whether that's going off in a completely different product direction, focus on generating profit from your business and then everything else will be good. It's better to have profit than growth. I think if you're in the the bootstrap game, >> I love it. One final question that I want to ask you, one-word answer. You've built VC businesses, you built bootstrap businesses like this. What's more fun? >> Bootstrapping for sure. >> Love it. All right. Thank you, Gil, for coming on. I love the business that you build. Thank you for sharing all this. I think it's an amazing way of approaching building something. So, I hope people enjoying it are watching. Thanks for coming on. >> Awesome. Thank you, Pat. >> All right. I want to thank Gil for coming on to the channel and sharing all that. I think what he shared is one of the most important things you can do if you suffer from a little bit of the builder's disease. For some people, coding and building is really, really fun. And the scary part is going out building some audience, getting in front of customers. But unfortunately, that is what you need to do in 2025 if you want to actually build something. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. In Starter Story Build, we will help you take your idea and turn it into a real app using only AI tools in just a couple weeks. Why? Cuz you don't want to focus on the build for too long. It's way more important to be able to build quickly so you can focus on getting customers, building distribution, and making sales. So, if you are ready to get off the sidelines, launch something, build it, get it in front of the real world, then head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Hope you guys enjoyed it. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO wvYej-2KWDg =====
TITLE: How he makes $250K per month from a simple app (Letterly Breakdown)
DURATION: 829.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My name is Anton and my app makes $250,000 a month. >> This is [music] Anton. He spent years on failed apps until he finally figured it out. What did he change? Well, it's not what you'd expect. >> Our secret is, and let me show you why. >> Most founders think more features equals more value. But Anton proved the opposite. And the proof is in his [music] app that makes millions. Every point of friction kills your revenue. I brought Anton onto the channel to break down his entire approach. And in this video, we'll dive into how he makes millions from something you can do for free, how every feature you add to your app is actually killing your sales, and the number one thing you should focus on if you're building an app today. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, guys. Black Friday is in just a couple days and as you might already know, we are doing something huge at Starter Story. I do not want you to miss out on one of the best deals we've ever done because last year our Black Friday deal sold out in just 2 hours. [music] And once people hear about this year's deal, I'm positive it's going to sell out even faster. So, if you don't want to miss out on that, just go to starterstory.com/blackf friday or hit the first link in the description and we'll notify you as soon as the deal is live. Spots are going to be very limited for this. So, what are you waiting for? [music] All right, let's get into the interview. All right, Anton, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story? >> Uh, my name is Anton and I built Letily. Lety makes $250,000 a month. And actually, we have launched 2 years ago. And before that, for 15 years, I was trying to create a startups and all of them failed. And I've tried like maybe six or seven of them. And this one actually worked. Okay, before we get in the interview, I just want to understand a little bit more. How big is this app and what does it do? >> Lately is a very simple app idea. It turns your speech into well-written text. The main thing that we are obsessed is about simplicity and about how easy it is to use and about user experience. And uh it's actually paid application. We do have a free trial. In terms of numbers, we're doing 250,000 in uh revenue, 30K monthly active users. We have 20K paid subscribers and overall it's 150,000 downloads for 2 years. >> All right. I love what you mentioned there is how much you guys focus on keeping this app simple. And we're going to get into that, but what I want to understand first is how do you even come across an idea like this? An idea that eventually makes over $200,000 a month. So this idea came to us while we were actually building something else two years ago a little bit more. There were apps that took chat GPT and open eye transcription that you can talk and then uh transform it to like everything. But all of them were like prototypes and we thought wow this is so powerful and simple idea. uh this is something I need a lot but I can't use them myself because they are not implemented [music] well enough and uh back then we did another startup and we had a team and we kind of stopped that startup and decided that okay [music] now it's time to focus on on this idea. >> Okay cool. So, you come up with the idea, but honestly, I think a lot of people watching this might be wondering, and I'm wondering this, too, is how does this app make $200,000 a month? A ton of free alternatives, and you could potentially do it for free with chat GBT. This seems kind of crazy, and this is why I wanted to bring you on the channel is that you have an interesting philosophy about this. Can you explain to me why your app is crushing it when there's tons [music] of others that aren't? >> The number one goal with Lety is uh to make it really simple. It's all about making it more [music] simple, eliminate friction. Every screen that we are doing, every interaction that we are doing is about this. This is our competitive advantage. We think that this is the main uh reason we are succeeding right now. Everyone can build a product. But there are really few that are very simple and easy to use. And that's why we are here. That's why we want to build a product that is very simple, easy to use. and we thought about the user and uh eliminate any friction possible. >> I think Anton's approach to building is spoton. Build something that's easy for people to use and [music] forget everything else. This is exactly the approach that we teach in Starter Story Build, which is our program where we will show you how to find, build, and launch your idea using only AI coding tools. The best part is you'll learn how to use AI to [music] make your app simple and easy to use just like Anton's. So if you're ready to get off the sidelines and start [music] building, we'll head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Our next cohort is opening up this week right now. So click that link and save your spot. All right, let's get back to the video. Okay, so as I understand, simplicity is what made you win here in the elimination of friction. any sort of friction point that your users experience. A lot of the founders we talk to have some sort of secret sauce. Often it's some sort of marketing channel or what tool they use to build the app and but you have something different. What is the secret sauce to letter? >> So I think that it's user experience because um it's like a multiplier to everything you do. It uh helps you to onboard users. It helps you to retain them because your app is much easier to use. It help you to convert to sales and it helps you to attract more people because others start recommending you. And of course, I'm not saying that focus on user experience and everything will work out. No, you of course you have a good problem to solve. But if you don't optimize for user experience, then you wouldn't [music] win. How much you will try to do in other areas? In the early days of letter, we [music] were like asking our customers like crazy like why you are using us for this and not CH GPT and everyone was told I don't know I it's like feels much easier to start recording with the letter like a click of a button widget and you can click it click stop and the text [music] is ready even now we kind of always thinking especially now how it's easier like what should we do we should build a new feature that lots of people asking us or we [music] need to make the already built feature easier and also another thing from my past startups I was always trying to make something unique something know well that doesn't exist and I always ended up building something that people doesn't really need that much here we intentionally get something that is a little bit [music] tested that's why we said okay this is validated business model we want just to make it much better and much simpler that the way that we want to use it for majority of people, it's better to find something that is already working and uh that can be done better. >> Okay, cool. So, simplicity, user experience. I think a lot of people watching this have built something or are planning to build something. So, my question for you is if you were to start over and come up with a new app idea, how would you think about building it as simple as possible? What would be your playbook to get something to be [music] as simple and usable as Letterly? >> Uh yes. So I think that the number one thing that everyone should understand is that uh like simplicity uh a user experience is quite expensive. You should treat it as a separate feature. As a product grows, you should assess and try to simplify the product more and more. The truth is you'll have to iterate and iterate a lot and iterate on different uh levels. So the first iteration is on prototypes. So you draw something and you begin to discuss it to try it out and you simplify you change then uh you begin building and uh as you build it you see it you didn't yet released it and u you kind of have to stop a little bit and think is it really simple and user friendly as you dreamed of before. On this step, we always kind of struggle that we kind of we promise some users a feature and we kind of have to postpone [music] it because we need few more weeks to to make it better. And uh then there is a [music] release and after release you get some feedback, you see people using [music] it, you see people asking some questions and now you understand that you already also missed something uh and begin to to make it again. So that's that's the approach and that's the steps. >> I'm remembering the Steve Jobs quote about that simple is actually harder than complexity and how hard you have to work to actually make a product simple. I'd love if you could actually show me your app. Can you show me what your app actually does and how simple it is and sort of show what you mean by this. >> This is letterally and uh it turns your words into written text and this text can be used for notes, messages, emails, social media posts. It can also uh record your meetings and then create a notes of this meeting. And uh the app is created for people for whom speaking is easier than typing for different reason either speed or they think that way or maybe there are some difficulty with the typing. [music] So now you see the recording screen. You can choose multis speaker or not. Then you click stop and uh you get the text. And by the way, it's transcribing and uh it's pretty fast, but now we're doing it like real time. So you get text instantly. We have a lot of ways to rewrite your text and you can create your own. If you add something to favorite, you you see it on the bottom of the note. So it's much much easier to trigger this rewrite. And also you can understand that you need more than one rewrite. For example, you need uh takeaways from what what you've pasted. And you can click on this as well. And after that you can actually scroll between the screens. You can choose what you prefer. Also we know that sometimes we have a share button. We understand that sometimes it's much easier just to copy in one click and we put it. And this is like one of the most usable feature right now. You can also trigger actions like share it with Google Docs or notion. It's really on the click of a button. Everything on the on the screen. And also another magic thing that we are building right now is so you can add something to the note. You just click here and you record something and it's transcribed here in this recording. So yeah, it looks pretty simple but actually we've put a lot of effort a lot of hours like thousands of hours to this app rebuilding doing a lot of prototypes doing a lot of versions that's how we come up to this simple UX. >> Okay cool thank you for sharing that. I want to change topics just a little bit and talk about tech stack. What is this app built on? >> Yeah. So in terms of mobile apps, we started from react native but sometime ago we changed React Native on Apple on Swift back and on Python and uh yeah so this is kind of basic technologies we're using for our app. >> Okay cool. And on the same note what does the cost and margins look like for an app like this? >> Uh so we are a team of 10 right now. So we have a a salaries uh and it's about 30k a month. Uh we are using charg and other technologies. So it's AI cost like 5k a month and uh yeah and in terms of advertising it's about $200,000 a month. It's quite a lot of investments but we do it uh uh because uh like we want to continue to make the best possible user experience and also we want to grow and that's why we invest in advertising. >> All right. Well, thank you for sharing that being transparent about the numbers. The last question that we ask everyone who comes on starter story is for anyone watching this right now who wants to build an app, who wants to build an online business from everything you've learned from all your previous failed startups and now this very successful one, what would be your advice? >> Uh yeah, so I can't give advice because I'm not sure if they will work for someone or not. But what works for us and I want to share it. So number one is uh work with co-founders from day one. Build something you can launch in one two months. But as you know it will take a little bit more time because of user experience. Choose an idea that is quite novel. It's a new idea but it's validated by some by someone else. Don't spend a lot of money and time to validate a completely new idea. When you see that there is attraction that uh you see some revenue [music] uh just go for it. Leave your jobs and focus 100% on that one. Also build something that can generate money from day one so you can go from there. >> Beautiful. Thank you for sharing all that. Thank you for coming on the channel, Anton. What you built is awesome. Literally is super cool. It's crushing it. Congratulations and thanks for coming on and sharing everything. >> Thanks a lot. >> I wanted to thank Anton again for coming onto the channel and sharing this. I do truly believe that simplicity is the secret sauce for Letterly. So, I love this conversation and even though it seems a bit counterintuitive, keep it simple, stupid. I love that quote, K I SS. And I think there's a lot that we [music] can learn from Anton's app that's making $250,000 a month. This is also why we launched Starter Story Build, where we will help you take your idea and turn it into a real app using only AI tools. So, if you are ready to launch your project, build something simple like Anton, well, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, thank you guys for watching. That's it for this episode. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO -OPKa8DIzKU =====
TITLE: My Apps Failed Until I Discovered This Playbook ($35K/month apps)
DURATION: 848.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm a French guy that was lucky enough to build three successful SAS in the e-commerce industry. >> This is Loic, a founder from France who's built three separate successful SAS apps to over $50,000 a month. But it's important to note that it did not start this way. >> I spent the first 5 years building an app nobody used. 5 years of building in the dark with zero users and zero revenue until something happened that changed his entire outlook on what makes a successful idea. >> If I was starting over, this is what I would do. >> I asked Lo to come onto the channel to break down his playbook for finding ideas that win. And in this video, we'll go over exactly how he builds his initial MVPs, what specific platform he uses that drives over 60% of his sales, and his exact playbook for what he would do if he had to start over from scratch today. All right, this one is going to be fun. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. >> All right, Luick, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Thanks, man. So, yeah, my name is Loick. I'm a French guy that was lucky enough to build three successful SAS. I've actually launched more than 10 SAS companies. Most of them failed except three that basically worked with the same playbook. All of them reaching at least 35kmr uh within their first like month of activity. All 100% bootstrap and this is why I'm show here. I'm really excited to share with you this same playbook that was super successful for me. >> Okay, I'm really excited to talk about that playbook. First, I want to understand what were these SAS companies you built? You said you had three companies that made over $35,000 MR after starting. Can you break these down? >> Yeah, so basically the first one is Infuspy. It's it's not working anymore, but basically it was the best tool to really help e-commerce businesses to spot the best influencers on Instagram and Snapchat to promote their product. So, Infy, we hit 20K MMR in two months. And then, yeah, the next one was Minia. Mine is actually a SAS business to help other e-commerce businesses to just find products. So basically, MineA helps drop shippers and e-commerce businesses to detect opportunities uh currently in the market. And Minia actually peaked at 750K MMR within 2 years. And my third and actually latest uh successful SAS is Drop Magic. And basically Draw Magic is a SAS to create online stores for beginners with AI. And Drop Magic is actually now growing to over 45K MMR within, you know, the first four months. So, we're really excited. >> Okay, cool. I mean, three successful apps. That's amazing. We're going to get into the playbook of exactly how you kind of rinse and repeat these and do these over and over. But first, I need to understand your background. How do you get into this space where you've built three successful [music] SAS apps? >> So, yeah, I've actually spent the five first year of my professional life developing a SAS that literally no one ever used. I've shipped a ton of features, still zero customers, zero MMR for like five years and basically made the all of the bad decisions possible and then an e-commerce uh owner actually came to to me with a problem and it turned out that actually he wasn't the only one with this problem and from there we just followed you know the simplest path we could with as little risk as possible. We started with a newsletter that validated the initial traction, then with a no code app at the time that validated the product market fit, and then a real app that I've developed to really scale. But yeah, and now, you know, I've I've actually left my position of CEO of Mania and being focusing entirely on scaling Drop Magic uh with the same playbook uh that I used on the two other ones. >> Okay, cool. So, you had this mindset change going from builder to problem solver, which I love. and this was your big turning point. But the main reason why I wanted to have you on is you have this growth [music] playbook which I think is really really cool and I'm excited to talk about it. Can you first break down real quick what is your approach to growing SAS in 2025? >> A lot of the issues with current entrepreneurs is that they always focus on the product but they just don't know how to do distribution and you know guess who can do distribution creators. So basically I've been using the same playbook with all my successful apps. [music] It's essentially working with YouTube creators as promoters or co-founders. So promoters you basically pay them with cash or affiliate revenue and co-founders of course you pay them with equity. I'm obviously not the only one that does this. I'm thinking about you know Tweid Hunter with Tibo Mark Lou is doing it. Also a lot of big known SAS like Arads N8N uh that are like also scaling hug usually with creators on YouTube. So yeah, for Minia and Draw Magic, we actually work with more than 500 of YouTube creators, right? I'm primarily focused on YouTube for four reasons. First one is it's by far for me the best AI positive uh investment you can do as a business. Also, the outcomes are like way more predictable. YouTube videos have like at least a minimum number of views that you can guarantee. You're not just looking for Tik Tok to go viral. Second thing is it's a long form video so the creator has like time to show to his audience how he uses the app which is [music] just the major difference here. The third reason is also it stays over time where we still got conversion from you know videos that are like 3 years old and also helps for your organic traffic. [music] And the final reason is that you can also repurpose the long form videos in short forms and ads. So you can really start with long form and then if you really want to do short forms yeah you can actually do it. I actually see a lot of businesses that are doing a lot of short forms uh and trying with creators on Tik Tok but you know it's it's nice to always have like views because I think Tik Tok is really good good form for like burner awareness but it doesn't convert whereas YouTube is just machine for conversion like for ourself I think more than 60% of our new customers come from YouTube. >> I think one reason Loic is successful is because he follows a specific playbook. He knows exactly what apps can make money and then he just builds them quickly. Clearly, this works because he's done it three times already now. And this is not him just getting lucky. And this kind of got me thinking. The Loix playbook is very similar to what we teach at Starter Story Build, which is our boot camp where you will learn the fundamentals of building with AI so you can launch over and over again, just like Loic. In just a few short weeks, you will learn how to build apps with AI and ship them to the real world. But the best part is that we lay out the whole playbook for you. what tools to use, how to write prompts, and how to use AI to ship the product living in your head right now into the real world. So, if you are ready to build and you've been looking for the builder's playbook, then Starter Story Build might be for you, just head to the first link in the description to check it out. Our next boot camp is starting soon. So, if you are ready to get off the sidelines and build something real, just click that link to learn more. All right, let's get back to the video. Okay, YouTube. more than 60% of your customers come from YouTube because you partner with creators, people who have distribution. This is exactly why I wanted to bring you on the channel. I believe obviously YouTube is the future. YouTube is the best place to get customers. So, I want you to get a little bit more detailed on this. When you start a SAS business, how do you go about finding hundreds of creators to partner with that ultimately market your SAS for you so you [music] can focus on building? >> So, yeah, to find a really good creator, I actually have this four-step uh system. So step one uh I actually need to find a creator. So what you need to do is just go on YouTube, type keywords, look [music] at all the videos of your creators, see who are talking about what. Look at the competitors. So are they pushing with micro influencers, big influencers, uh you know what topic are they like making a long trend video or like more of a integration. [music] And then once I found actually a creator, I actually look at these two metrics. So the first one is engagement rate. Uh so basically it's like views uh divided by followers. It should be over 10%. I I think that's a good number. And also a minimum of like 100 comments per video. And the second thing I actually look is basically you know how long has you been working with brands. So usually if it's just a one-off deal it means that the brand was not profitable. Um so you shouldn't really go with them. Usually what I try to look is did the creator worked at least with uh the brand three times. So step three uh reaching out. Basically, I have a seven email campaigns. So, basically, for each email, uh you try to have like a different marketing angle and I also blast them on Instagram and Twitter. So, you you can look on my Twitter. I'll I'll share all of this. Uh and the fourth step actually the deal making part. Uh usually it's a fixed fee and a commission. Always lowable the initial offer by 30% and then offer two package. So, with different strategic approach. So, the first package is a bit more risky for you. So basically means that you put a bit more upfront cost uh but with the lower commission and then the second uh package would be less risky uh which has like a lot more commission but less upfront cash. So basically what I typically do is I just make a deal for first video. Um the first video is a test see you know if the audience is responsive if it's engaging see if you break even after a month and then if all the all the numbers are green and then deal for a package like three four videos you know more like the mid run. So you get like a discount per video and you know a bit go deeper into your partnership. >> Okay, cool. Well, thanks for sharing that playbook on how to work with lots and lots of creators. This seemed to work out so well for you that you even took it to the next level and you actually asked creators that were really successful in the space to become your co-founders. I think that's really really smart as a builder to have someone with equity that's really really focused on distribution, knows how to create content and knows the customer. Can you tell me a little bit more about why you went that route? Yeah, having a a creator in your co-founding team actually has three really good positive impact. The first one is actually to derisk the distribution especially when you're early when you're launching a SAS you have basically two big risk. You [music] have the first one which is the product risk and the second one which is the distribution risk. It's really hard to do you know both product and distribution. For example, with Batistan, which is the co-founder of Dram Magic, we knew that it would secure 10K MMR because he had like this impact. And with 10K MMR, you can actually now spread with other creators. You can actually do some ads. You can really also develop your activity. The [music] the second reason, and for me, it's actually currently the most important is the product insights. So, basically, you want to have a creator that is a power user of your solution, and this will just provide key insights for the product direction and vision. He's actually the one selling it. So he's the one you know like you know explaining the features and and talking about it on on on this platform. So he will really have like this front row man where he will get you back feedbacks from his community and these are like super important. The third reason is actually marketing insights. So, one thing that is so undervalued is that you can actually with a creator in your founding team, you can really iterate super fast on scripts, on funnels, on pricing, on marketing angles, and you can actually ship a lot of videos, obviously for free because he's a co-founder. And then this will actually get you knowledge on your secret sauce. From there, you will have your economics, and you [music] can just replicate with other creators uh with a proven system, right? So, you can actually know how much you can spend on on on a creator. >> Okay, cool. Well, I want to switch topics a little bit and I know you build all these products. You build the MVPs. What is your tech stack? What do you actually use to build an MVP and build it really quickly? >> So, I use Superbase for database, [music] uh, Nex.js and Versell for front end and hosting, uh, Sentry for debugging, uh, Trigger Dev for big compute, cursor and cloud code to actually develop the solution, [music] Nanobana to actually generate images with AI, and then Gemini and OpenAI for the copyrightiting. Uh then for the marketing part I actually use you know blime to detect the best creators and opportunities. I [music] use tools to uh handle the tracking and payments of my creators. I actually use as a CRM uh and I use loops for email marketing. >> Okay. And on that note let's talk about costs and profit. What do the costs and margins typically look like for your SAS businesses? >> So you have server and compute you have like 100 bucks per month and then for all the AI. So we use a lot of LM of course. So we pay like 1.5K because we actually offer uh five AI images for every free user. So that scales pretty much. Then for the ads and creator, um currently we're really scaling hard, but I think on the sweet spot, especially for Mania, we had like a 80% margin. Now for Dram Magic, we're a bit lower because we're just testing a lot. But yeah, I think the the sweet spot will be between 70% and 80% margin. >> Well, thanks for sharing that, being transparent about the numbers. The last question that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could give yourself advice for when you were starting out or for anyone who's watching this who wants to build many successful SAS tools like you did over and over, what would be your advice? >> So, I personally struggle with it, but yeah, just don't get emotionally attached to a project. [music] Just use simple deadlines and milestone as the only source of truth to carry on or not. I've wasted so many years to just, you know, believing in something that had no traction just because I was emotionally attached to the logo or the project or the team members. So yeah, you're just wasting time and it [music] will hurt. Well, I agree 100%. Drop your ego. Don't get emotionally attached to what you're building. Pivot when necessary and good things will happen. Thank you, Loick, for coming on and sharing everything. I love what you built. Thanks for coming on and sharing with us. >> All right. Thanks, man. >> All right. Thank you to Loick for coming on to the channel. Stories like these are insane, right? This is the power of building on the internet. We [music] are in this small pocket of time right now where you could just come up with an idea prompted with AI tools and get it in front of real users using it right now and build a business off of it. Look, these things don't happen overnight and not every idea that you build is guaranteed for success. But I promise you that if you try just like Loic did in this video, double down when things were working and stopped working when things weren't, good things will happen. If you are ready to get off the sidelines and start building something today, please check out Starter Story Build. I'll put a link in the description down there. [music] Just check it out. See if it's right for you. I promise it's something that you don't want to miss. All right, thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO nsn94Ad47GY =====
TITLE: Our Mobile App Made $85K in 8 months
DURATION: 775.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My name is Jack Sweeney >> and I'm Nick Sweeney and we're the co-founders of Coherence. We have over 15,000 downloads and around $85,000 in revenue. Meet Jack and Nick Sweeney, two brothers who built a mobile app this year that's already made $85,000. But here's the thing. Instead of building the app first and then trying to market it, they did the exact opposite. Content before product. I didn't actually write a single line of code in this entire codebase. >> And this is why they were successful. So, I brought them onto the channel to break down this entire playbook. And in this video, we'll dive into how they validated their idea before building anything, their five-step framework that anyone can use to find an app idea worth building, and why you need to stop coding and start creating, or else you might never make it. All right, this one's going to be fun. Let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Jack and Nick Sweeney, two brothers. Welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your guys' story. >> Awesome. Thanks for having us, Pat. My name's Jack Sweeney >> and I'm Nick Sweeney, and we're the co-founders of Coherence, which is an app that helps you regulate your nervous system. We launched eight months ago and we have over 15,000 downloads and around $85,000 in revenue. >> Beautiful. Before we get into the app and what you built, I'd love to hear a few more numbers behind it. Can you share some more details about how fast this thing grew? >> Since we launched, we've averaged around $11,000 a month in revenue and our biggest month was $22,000 in revenue. We've just surpassed 2,000 users and we have 15,000 downloads so far. >> Okay. I mean, that's amazing. Before we get into the app, tell me about your background, how you get here, how you build this. >> 100%. My background is in content originally. In university, I had a YouTube channel and grew that to about 20,000 subscribers, but during co I ended up leaving and decided to pursue entrepreneurship. So, I started building some simple web apps with the no code tool. And the first couple apps that I built totally flopped, but just kept iterating and getting better. >> Yeah. And my background is more of an athletic background. So, I was a division 1 crosscountry skier, but I ended up getting injured and the doctor said that my career was over. I wasn't able to walk for 10 months. He said I wouldn't be able to walk normally again. And so, out of desperation, I started doing breath work in earnest. And I was able to walk within 3 months. And then 6 months later, I was training full-time again. And so after that experience of resurrection with breath, I've begun coaching and helping people reverse their chronic conditions. And I wanted to find a way to help us scale the medicine of breath work to reach more people and change more people's lives. >> Okay. Before we get into how you guys built this thing, I am curious building an app with your brother. I'm not sure if we had anyone on the channel yet that are siblings building an app. What's that been like? How did you guys decide to build this? >> It's been an absolute blessing having Nick being able to lean on each other. Like when I was hurt, for example, Nick was still going. When Nick like got sick for a week, I was taking care of things. I'm just super grateful to be able to have a brother to build a business with. >> Okay. The main reason I wanted to bring you guys on this channel is I love your guys's approach to how you built this app. It's very different than what I've seen a lot of people doing. Tell me what you did differently with Coherence. >> Yeah. So, we didn't really start with the app. We started with content and we were making content about things that genuinely excited us. So, I was writing threads on spiritual esoteric topics. Nick was doing the same with more of a breath work focus. And if we weren't just making that content for fun, we never would have discovered what was going viral and what content was going to work, which ideas actually resonated with people. So, we started with the content first. We made content that we cared about and that's how we learned what was actually resonating. Once we saw what went viral, then we built the app. So, we basically reverse engineered the content into the app. And I would just make posts about those things and see which ones would get traction. So we would use X as sort of this idea battleground. And then when I would get traction on a piece of content on X, then we would see that as a validated piece of content. We would basically have an Instagram short form script from the X post and then we would replicate that on Instagram and Tik Tok. And then if those did well, we would make that a YouTube video. So we were kind of moving upstream to longer more impactful formats of content and that was how we approached it is a content first. Let's validate the content and what people and the market actually wants and then let's build whatever we want to build off of that. >> Okay. I think that's genius to focus on content first. I'd love to understand a little bit more of the timeline here. I'd love to hear a little bit more about that. >> It all started with the vortex breath. I wrote a tweet and posted it. next morning and it goes, "Yo, your Vortex breath tweet is going super viral." And so that's sort of where we we got the idea for the app. So then we started coding. I didn't actually write a single line of code in this entire codebase, but we use cursor. We finished the MVP February 2025 and launched. So that was the timeline on it. >> So here's what I love about Jack and Nick's story. They coded the first version of their app in just a few weeks. They didn't waste time overthinking or overplanning. And I wanted to mention this because I do see this happening a lot. People getting stuck in the build phase for months. Well, that's where Rocket new comes in. Rocket lets you go from typing a few sentences to a full stack app. Just describe your vision once and you'll get a complete functional app with backend integrations and production ready code. You can even import designs from Figma, add integrations like Stripe and Superbase, and download an actual mobile APK to test on your phone instantly. Over 400,000 users in 180 plus countries are building with Rocket because it turns ideas into apps in minutes and not months. So, if you're ready to build your app idea without the months of development, check out rocket.new at the first link in the description. Thank you to Rocket for sponsoring this video. I love what you're building. All right, let's get back to the story. Okay. Well, this video isn't about the coding, it's about the content. It's about validating before you build. So, that's what I really want to talk about. What would be the sort of playbook for finding an idea worth building through content? >> So, step one, pick a painful niche. I would make a bunch of content about it. So, I made a bunch of content about breath work. And ideally, I'd find a co-founder who's technical because I'm non-technical. But I would go out into the market and I would just start making content about a painful problem that people experience. Get traction on that painful problem. Step two, batch your ideas weekly. I would be presenting myself as a solution by just batching my content ideas weekly. Step three, film in bulk. And then I would go and just pump out 30 to 60 videos looking hook, film, done, another one film, done, and have two months worth of content done. Step four, amplify your winners from those pieces of content. I'd see which ones work, which ones don't work. If we have something that I could sell, then let me take the content pieces that won and amplify them. put some spark money behind them. Put some meta ad money behind them and see if that's something that's validated that people are willing to pay for. And step five, just outmarket everyone. Make as many reels as you possibly can. Hire clippers. Do whatever you can with whatever means you have. For us, we're fully bootstrapped. So, I'm just like, I'm the face. I will post like a madman every single day. You could sell whatever you want to sell, but with software, you have a lot of leverage. So find a technical co-founder, write the software, make the app, ship it, and then suddenly you have a business. >> Well, I think that playbook is awesome, but I want to get even more specific. Can you pull up an actual example of content you created that changed the game for your app and turned this into a real business? >> Yeah. So, this piece of content we launched in July, and this was the one that really changed a lot for us. Was one that caught fire. Got around 8 million views across all platforms. I thought that this was gonna flop. After I videoed this, I filmed it like three more times because I thought it was bad. The next day, it had a million views. And this is just what came out. And I also framed it, like I said earlier, in this polarizing way. Do you want to know something that they don't want you to know? And it's kind of ambiguous of who they are, but they is kind of if we're talking about health, it's the the nefarious forces that are kind of keeping you sick. And since then, I created this into a series. I want to switch topics a little bit and I want to show the audience people watching here what you guys built. Would you be able to just like show me how the app works? >> 100%. So this is the app. Yeah. So Coherence is a breath work app which means that it's designed to help you relax, focus and sleep better all through the power of breathing. This is the homepage. Here we have little streak counter a little gamification. Here are our six main techniques. So we have coherence breathing, vortex energy which like obviously gives you a little energy boost, focus, stress relief and sleep. So if I click into coherence for example, we have this very simple minimal screen where you can set a timer, adjust volume, etc. But you you press start and this is going to play a sound as you inhale and play a sound as you exhale. It's a subscription model. We have a 3-day free trial on our yearly plan and then our monthly plan is just build monthly. For our yearly, it's $40 and for the monthly it's 10 bucks a month. >> Okay, cool. I mean, that app looks awesome. Can you tell me a little bit more about how you built it? What tools did you use and what does it run on? >> We use React Native Expo as our framework. We use Superbase for database and backend, cloud code and codeex as our coding agents. Mix panel for analytics, revenue cat, and then for our marketing site, we use Verscell and Nex.js. For all the design stuff, we use Figma. And then for 3D design, we use rot. And then we use Many Chat for Instagram DM. >> The other question that I'm curious about, what does the profit margins on a business like this look like? And how much are you spending to run this business? >> So, we spend about 2.5K on video editors, which is pretty core to the organic content model. influencers we're just kind of getting into now. So, we're spending about 1 to 2k on that for partnerships, etc. So, we have a ghostriter helps us write some threads, $800 a month. We have a virtual assistant, which really helps with admin and stuff, it's $500 a month. Our coding agents, we spend about 300 a month. Revenue cap comes out to like $100 a month. And then the rest of our tools are about $100 a month as well. So, the total is 5 to six grand a month. We're operating at about 50% margin right now. >> Okay, cool. Well, thank you for sharing that. The last question that I have for everyone that comes on the channel, maybe there's a couple other brothers out there watching this that want to build something. What would be your advice to them? >> Yeah, I would say keep meditating. It's a very high leverage activity even though it doesn't look like it on the surface. Breathe more and try not to sit all day. Move around throughout the day. take small breaks to move because if you don't, your body will eventually give out if you're coding for 12 hours a day sitting in a chair. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you guys for coming on to the channel. I think what you did is awesome. Thanks for coming on. >> Thanks so much for having us. >> Yeah, thank you. >> Thank you again to Jack and Nick for coming on to the channel and sharing everything. They shared their cost, how they built this, their whole content playbook. I think that's amazing. That's what starter story is all about. These guys are proof that you can come up with an idea. You can build it with AI coding tools. You can launch it and see what happens. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. So you can take your idea and turn it into a real app using only AI tools. So if you're ready to actually do this, we'll just head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. That's it for this episode, guys. Thank you again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace. [Music]


===== VIDEO LWPN-PAhtLA =====
TITLE: My website makes $35K/month (built in 3 hours)
DURATION: 866.0
TRANSCRIPT:
Cursive directory. We built it in a weekend and now it makes 35k per month. >> This is Pontis, a developer bored on his flight to France when he spotted an opportunity. The second he landed, he called his friend. They coded for 3 hours straight and launched a simple directory. >> When I landed, I called Victor and said, "We need to build this directory for cursor rules." >> That 3-hour build is now doing $34,000 a month with 99.8% 8% profit margins and they only work on it 3 hours a month. >> We posted a site on X and it instantly took off. I have never seen something like that before. [music] >> I thought directories were dead in 2025, but Pontis has proved me wrong and showed me that anybody [music] can do this. So, I brought Pontis on the channel to break down exactly how he did it. In this video, we'll dive into exactly what tools he used to build a $34,000 a month website in just 3 hours. the secret to why his directory took off when many others don't and his advice for anyone building websites like this right now. All right, this one is crazy. So, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Hey guys, I wanted to pop in here with a very important message. Black Friday is around the corner and you know I'm going to be doing something I probably shouldn't. To celebrate over 700,000 subscribers here on YouTube, I'm going to be giving away one of the best deals we've ever done on Starter Story. Last year, our early bird Black Friday deal sold out in less than 2 hours. And this year, I think it'll sell out in less than one. And I don't want anyone of my subscribers on YouTube to miss this. So, here's the deal. I've set up a VIP list where you will be notified about our Black Friday deal before anyone else. And trust me, it's going to be one of the best deals we've run in years with extras and bonuses I probably won't ever do again. If you want to get notified as soon as it's live, just head to the first link in the description and you can join that VIP list right now for free. Thank you everyone for watching and supporting the channel. Let's get into the video. All right, Pontis, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. Uh yeah, my name is Pontis and together with my best friend Victor, we spent the past two years bootstrapping our startup midday which is our long-term focus. Along the way, we built the curs of the directory languin and several other open-source projects. We love building in public, testing ideas quickly and showing that even a small weekend project can turn into something big. One example that is the directory we built, cursive directory. We build it in a weekend and now it makes 35k [snorts] per month. >> Okay, cool. I mean you're building a lot of cool stuff but what I really want to dive into is the directory. Can you explain what a directory is and what your directory does? >> So basically a directory is of course made for discoverability uh to find something that you're interesting in and curs directory of course is made for for cursive developers to explore and find new ideas. We grown the site to 49,000 registered users uh 2.2 million unique visitors since launch and then of course we have a gross margin of 99.8% 8% uh and operation cost is just under 500 bucks and of course it's open source. All the rules are merged on in GitHub. So the maintenance cost is like 3 hours per month and then we continue building our main startup. >> Well that's absolutely insane. You just built this directory in a couple hours. Millions of people have visited. It's made tens of thousands of dollars. I want to understand how do you even get the idea to do something like this? >> The whole idea came up when I actually took the flight down to move to France. It's a three-hour flight and I downloaded a lot of videos to look on tech heavy stuff and I I downloaded some cursor things and then I discovered this common pattern about rules. So, it was kind of mind-blowing for me that there were no uh place to find these rules in one specific place. Uh you could Google and find some obscure gist on GitHub or some forums but no real clear answer to finding these rules in one place. And that's basically how the idea came up. >> Okay, cool. So, you find this idea, it doesn't exist yet. How do you go about building it? Both me and Victor has a lot of experience building apps and websites through the years. So, uh we knew exactly what we needed to do. I I I called Victor as soon as I landed on the Airbnb uh and said to him like we need to create a directory for rules for cursory rules. In just matter of minutes, he spun up Figma and started to design while I started initial project with Nex.js and I created a hard-coded JSON file with some rules that I found online and in matter of like an half an hour we had something up in Versel uh ready to to click around on. I bought the cursor directory domain uh which was a really really good domain according to the site of course. So we built the site completing three hours and but then we just continued to iterate. Victor and I have been working together for several years. We already know our DNA in terms of design and code. So that helped a lot of course. >> So I mean this is one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on the channel. The fact that you did it in 3 hours and had the balls to actually launch it and ship it and maybe be okay with it not feeling perfect. What would be your advice for anyone watching this that wants to ship fast? >> Yeah, so of course I have this main startup that we focus on day in and day out, right? We work a lot of hours. Usually once a week or twice a week, we find these things that you can really do really, really fast, but we hold off. But in this case, we didn't. And I think that's something that comes like a thread through how we work. We find these ideas and that comes together when you dial in and work fully on something you're committed to and being out there and seeing a solution that you can do. Well, yeah. I I think it's a combination of dialing in into what you're doing and being out there and finding ideas at the same time. >> Okay, cool. I'm what I'm hearing there. What I think is really cool is for the cursor directory, you didn't have a lot of expectations and you just said screw it, I'm going to launch. So, that's where I have a few more questions is, okay, yeah, sure. You build this, you build it really fast. Nowadays, anybody can build stuff fast. How did you actually launch this and get millions of users >> in the first week? That was also the first week in France. Uh, so we did a bunch of different things. So I I posted the the cursor directory uh on on X of course at the initial uh release. I mean we're building public on X. We share everything we do all the way to the code, right? We are fully open source. So I think we had like 1 million impressions on one of the posts and of course we had several posts. So we have a developer following uh from the beginning but then I also posted on hacking news. We ended up on the on the front page and a lot of YouTubers started to cover uh curs directly into the uh videos. So there were a lot of coverage around cursor directory. We grow steadily because we share knowledge along the way and I think that really tied together with cursor right it's it's a developer focused uh community and we build this super fast we have this tech heavy design approach. >> Okay so one thing I noticed about cursor directory and your other startups when I was checking them out is the design. You may not realize this but I feel like your design is a competitive advantage here. When I go to cursor directory, this thing is beautifully designed and I can imagine that was one reason why it kept getting shared to a bunch of other people. So I want to ask you for anyone watching this, how to design beautiful apps, how to do it quickly. What are the secrets to designing products? Well, >> yeah. So basically we have a formula. Of course it helps a lot to have a great designer as a co-founder. It it comes down to to the small things that are also the hardest. Like keep it simple. Find something that you like. Stay with pride and and and find the patterns and the tonality of of the websites that you like and of course learn from others. Uh if I would start from the beginning, I would probably find websites that I love and take bits from it and and learn from that. Uh in this case, of course, we already have a design system. We already have components that we can reuse from our previous startups. So it was much much easier for us. There are a lot of great designers out there that you can follow on X. It's a huge community that you can learn from. I usually tweet out that design is more important than ever especially in this fast-paced AI generated uh website world that we started to live in. Design will actually be the things that puts you apart from the competitors right because it's easy to create an website today but all of them usually looks the same. So, it's not much that you need to be different on, but you need to find the tonality and the angle that you believe in is right, and that's going to be your advantage. >> What I love about Ponis' story is that he built the MVP of his app in just 3 hours. He did not overthink it. He just saw an opportunity and shipped it right after he landed from his flight from France. This is proof that if you know how to build with AI, you can move insanely fast. But here's the thing. Most people waste weeks stuck in tutorials or second-guessing themselves. [music] And this causes people to never actually ship. Well, this is exactly why we created Starter Story Build. It is our program where you will build and launch your project using just AI tools in a matter of weeks. You'll master how to talk to AI. So, it will build apps for you. And the best part is that you won't even be doing this alone. You'll be a part of a group of founders all sharing feedback and staying accountable every single day. So, if you're ready to finally ship your idea, head to the first link in the description to claim your spot. We are starting our next cohort very soon, so be sure to go there and claim your spot right now before it runs out. Okay, now let's get back to the video. Okay, so another reason why I wanted to bring you on Pontis is I haven't heard of a directory that has been crushing it in a long time. I remember a couple years ago directories were kind of taking off. Nowadays, I don't see that as often anymore. I thought directories were dead. Clearly, that's not the case. So my question for you is do directories still work in 2025 or are they dead? Yeah, I mean I get these questions a lot like aren't directors dead but it truly is director still is incredibly successful in 2025 especially if you build something for the right audience and and in this case of course we we found the audience uh at the right time at the core directly solves a timeless problem like you need to find something uh that you're interested in and in this new AI world where we live in like cursor people are starting to look through how to do things and find the right answers [music] that's where directors is really really shine, right? It's a collection of things that a bigger audience are interested in at the same time. And if you can catch that wave, you're really going to find a lot of like visitors and a lot of opportunities. [music] If you catch it, if you can own it, then it's super powerful. >> Okay, cool, Pontis. Well, thank you for sharing all that. I'd love if you actually pulled up your directory right now and showed me how it works, how it looks, and what's the business model. Could you pull it up right now? >> Okay, so yeah, this is directory. So, you have a bunch of different rules. So you can go in and then you copy those then you add that to your uh cursor uh rules in your editor. It's kind of basic. You can filter on your like what you're interesting in. You can see the popular ones. You can see off official ones and then of course you can search for different things. We enable that you could register and create your own account uh and be a member of the of the community. So you can post your own stuff. People can vote uh on interesting things. But here's something that I can just share whatever they are interesting in and get up votes. People can find the jobs and uh companies can share their job ads. So it's a paid uh ad that they pay to get listed some months after MCPS uh came along and that were also a thing that made C directory really really fly. So that was the second way where we saw a huge adoption of the site because we created this uh [music] MCP searchable uh way to find and extend your cursor experience. Uh, and these are also featured. So, you can pay to get them featured on the site. And then we also made it possible to generate your own cursor rules tailored to your to your website. In JavaScript, uh, you have this package JSON which defines all your dependencies. You could just upload that and then you get your defined cursor rules back to tailor that to you. Because we really really saw that developers wanted to tailor their versions or their cursor experience, but they didn't know how to start. this was a good way for developers to started this to get the grasp of it. >> All right. Well, thank you for sharing that. Looks awesome. I'd like to switch topics a little bit and talk about tech stack. How did you actually build this app and what tools you use right now? >> So, I think this is the important one like you should stick with something that you know uh and already uh use uh every day, right? So, we stick what we know. So, we chose Nex.js JS fully TypeScript shing components uh resend for email uh open paniful analytics and just [music] connected with GitHub and and shared it on on Verset. So Verset is our hosting provider. Payments we we use polar which is a great merchant of record to handle uh payments uh especially if you're Europe company. And then on the productivity side we we of course use cursor to code uh notion for product management, GitHub for version control. every tool we choose uh to share have the same philosophy like no servers uh no friction just focus on building and shipping fast because that's really what's matters right getting it out there to our users all in all 525 bucks a month with a 99.8 eight gross margin. >> Okay, cool. Well, thanks for sharing that, being transparent about the numbers, that's an insane profit margin. The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, what advice would you have for anyone getting started right now, whether they're building a directory or building cool SAS software apps, whatever it is online, what would be your advice? >> Start. It sounds simple, but here's the thing. When you start building and when you commit to something, you eventually getting dialed in. You create your own luck by constantly finding ways to move forward, shipping, sharing, and iterate. One thing will lead to another and there's really no such thing as failure. When you build something, the worst thing that can happen is you learn and then you take next step to find your ways forward. >> Well, that's great advice. Thanks for coming on the channel, Pontis, sharing all this amazing story, amazing business, amazing stuff that you're building other than cursor directory. So, thanks for coming on and sharing. >> Thanks for having me. >> Okay, first of all, that advice was amazing. Just get started. You don't know if this directory that you build is going to be a complete flop or is going to make $34,000 a month. There's no way to know that without actually getting started building something and seeing what happens. It all starts with a simple idea. And nowadays with what you can do with AI, an idea is all you need to potentially build something that changes your life. This is why we launched Starter Story Build, where we will help you take your idea from your head, turn it into a real app using only AI tools in a matter of weeks. So, if you're ready to launch your project and you're serious about actually building something, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in [music] the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO rCV-TVCnF6Q =====
TITLE: How We Built It: $30K/month Mobile App
DURATION: 650.0
TRANSCRIPT:
This is Eyal and Yali, two college students who built an app that at first crushed it with downloads. We were averaging 20 downloads a day right off the bat. But, they had a problem. Almost nobody stayed after the trial ended. Their conversion was horrible. If your product is [ __ ] nobody's going to buy it. >> They were stuck at $2,000 a month, and they had no idea what to do. So, they decided to scrap everything and go back into the cave. So, we shut down all marketing and spent 4 months completely rebuilding from the scratch. After doing this, on their second try, they hit $30,000 MRR in just 10 weeks. And I brought Eyal and Yali onto the channel to share with me exactly what they changed. In this video, we'll dive into why distribution does not matter if your product sucks, how to identify if your product is actually doomed from the start, and Eyal and Yali's exact playbook for building a product that actually makes money in 2025. This one [music] is a must-watch for anyone building apps right now. I'm Baw Walls, and this is Starter Story. Yali and Eyal, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. Hey, I'm Eyal. Hey, Pat. I'm Yali, and together, Eyal and I built an app that makes $30,000 a month. We launched it around a year ago. We got stuck at 1 to $2,000 MRR. We took 4 months to rebuild it, and then it skyrocketed. Okay, before we get into what you guys changed that skyrocketed your app, I do need to understand, what is your app and what does it do? We built Prop GPT, which is basically a sports betting analytics platform that uses our machine learning algorithm to hit the most picks. So, users get access to our models and get to analyze their own picks or look through all the pre-analyzed bets that we scan every single day. >> We do about $30,000 a month, and we've had over 40,000 downloads and over 3,000 paying customers. We have a 48% conversion to trial rate. And for every user that downloads Prop GPT, we make around $3.30. What did the build process look like before you went and, you know, got it on the App Store? We spent like 5 months building the first version of Prop GPT. It was taking a while to build, particularly because ChatGPT was still new. Eventually, in the middle of the NFL season last year, that's when we started launching, and that's when we sort of figured out that our product market fit wasn't exactly what we wanted. All right, guys. Black Friday is in just a couple days, and as you might already know, we are doing something huge at Starter Story. I do not want you to miss out on one of the best deals we've ever done, [music] because last year, our Black Friday deal sold out in just 2 hours. And once people hear about this year's deal, I'm positive it's going to sell out even faster. So, if you don't want to miss out on that, just go to starterstory.com/blackfriday, or hit the first link in the description, and we'll notify you as soon as the deal is live. Spots are going to be very limited for this, so what are you waiting for? All right, let's dive into the interview. Okay, so you get this idea up on the App Store. You're ready to go. How do you actually get users for this app? How many users did you get, and kind of where did you get this app to up to that point? >> we got it on the App Store, we had a really good base of influencer marketing. I had worked with other really successful app founders before, and then I kind of saw the rise of the initial like influencer marketing hype. We started spending a few thousand dollars on influencer marketing to see like how many downloads we would get for the money spent, and we were able to get around 20 downloads a day, which converted around like 5 to 10 users a day, because we had really high from downloads to free trials. >> And we couldn't really push past 1 to 2K MRR, so we kind of noticed that there was something critically wrong with our app, despite seeing a lot of hype around it. That's one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you guys on the channel, which I think is super interesting. You kind of had the distribution figured out, but you noticed that even though you kind of knew how to crack this code, you really couldn't get the app past 1 to 2K MRR. How did you solve that problem? How did you eventually build an app that's making over $30,000 a month? We realized that what our customers actually wanted was just to be given the right answers to the test, and not necessarily go through the sports books and input their bets and check for themselves if it was a good bet or not. So, we took 4 months to rebuild the app, no marketing, just engineering and design work, and we launched the new version on April 15th, where we were at $1,700 MRR and around $15 a day. This is after a few months of no marketing. The next month, we go all in on marketing again for the NBA playoffs, and all of a sudden, our conversion rate to paid was over 50%. 2 and 1/2 months later, we hit our peak of 40K MRR and 2,000 downloads in a single day. See, even though Eyal and Yali had the distribution figured out from day one, they still had a huge problem. The product simply was not good enough. So, they spent 4 months rebuilding it, and that's when everything changed. This is exactly why learning how to build with AI is so powerful. When you know how to build and what to change, you can iterate fast and optimize based on what your users actually need. And this is exactly what we teach inside Starter Story Build. Starter Story Build is our live program where you will learn how to build and launch your project using AI tools in just a few weeks. You'll learn how to think like a developer and how to use AI to build real working [music] products just like Eyal and Yali. Our next accelerator is starting soon, so if you're ready to start building, if you're ready to get off the sidelines, head to the first link in the description to claim your spot. All right, [music] now let's get back to the video. Okay, so you guys realized that, no offense, there's a better way of saying it, but you had a bad product or the product wasn't simple enough, but it took you guys a while to realize this. For anyone that's watching this right now who's built something or thinking about building something, what would be your advice on how to figure out how to build a great product? What are the actual things you should be doing every day to avoid this mistake or at least fix it if it happens? The most important thing is to have an extremely humble attitude about your product. If your product is [ __ ] then simply it's not going to work. Like nobody will buy it. Using analytics platforms like Posthog and simply talking to enough users, you see that there is a pattern of human behavior that doesn't align with how the app is designed. For example, on Super Bowl, we saw that a lot of people were converting to the trial, but then nobody was staying after. Like what does that really say about your users? What it means is that your users think this is a great idea. They think that this could add a lot of value to their life, but when it actually comes to using the app, it's not the experience they were hoping for. These signals is what a good product manager should do, and it's going to mean that your business model will work a lot better when you make sure that your product actually best fits your users. Based on all you guys' learnings, I would love you guys gave me sort of the playbook for how to build a great product, specifically how to build a great app in 2025. Can you break that down for me? Step one, really understand who exactly you're building for and what their pain points are. Step two is listen to your data. We became obsessed with the numbers. Again, two numbers that stuck out for us, 45% conversion to trial, but then only 13% conversion from trial to paid. What does that mean? Everybody wanted what we were selling, but the product was [ __ ] >> Step three, obsess over analytics. So, if you know your users are falling off during onboarding, then you know which screens aren't selling your app well enough. If you track all of the feature clicks on your app, you can identify your app's most compelling value proposition, and then communicate that in your marketing. Any way that you can see what your customers is actually doing is a massive advantage. Step four, once your app is built, the real challenge is scaling it effectively. The smartest way to grow today is through influencer marketing. Their followers engage deeply and convert faster when they see someone that they admire using your product. Another great advantage of organic social media marketing is the chance to go viral. So, for example, probably our 70th video to ever come out hit 600,000 views, and that raised our ARR from around 8K to 38K in about 3 days. And that's really the power of influencer marketing. One video can seriously change your entire business. Okay, cool. Well, thanks for sharing that demo. That was awesome. On a similar note, I'm curious, what's the tech stack behind this app? How did you build it? And then also, like what tools use on a daily basis? We built this on a React Native repo. We mostly use a lot of TypeScript and Python for our machine learning algorithms, um, along with our automated fetching for all of the data. Additionally, we have a giant database, which we store on Neon. In tools for analytics, we use RevenueCat and Superwall for revenue dashboards and paywalling. What are the costs or the profit margin around running an app like this? Yeah, so the costs are basically 20 cents per conversion to Superwall, typically 1% to RevenueCat. We pay for a lot of data APIs to get all the real-time sports data every single day, and that costs about $100 a month. We also spend about $10 a month on our Neon database to make sure we have the bandwidth for all the calls that we make. LLM costs cost about $20 a month, and the cost is constantly going down. Marketing is about $10,000 a month. All in all, we have roughly 50% margins at the end of the day. Okay, cool. Well, thank you for sharing that, being transparent around the numbers. A lot of people who watch us really appreciate that. The last question that I have for both you guys, a lot of people watching this want to build apps like you, want to learn about distribution and product. What would be your advice to people that are starting out right now, trying to do this thing online, build apps, and make money? Biggest piece of advice I could give is have a co-founder who you will be able to lean on, and that will be able to lean on you when things get hard. As an entrepreneur, be honest with yourself and scientific about whether what you're working on has enough demand. And if you prove it to yourself that it's worth the time investment that you will put in struggling, it will be an order of magnitude easier to prove it to others, to both investors and future team members. Beautiful. Well, thank you Ayo and Yali for coming on. What you built is awesome. Congratulations. You guys are awesome. Pat, thanks so much. We absolutely love Starter Story. It's so cool to get on. Appreciate it, Pat. We had a great time. What I thought was interesting about their story is usually you get the product right, but you don't have the distribution figured out. For them, they had the distribution figured out, but they didn't get the product right. And I think that's cool because it really goes to show that you have to have both figured out if you actually want to build something that can last. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Built, where we will help you take your idea and turn it into a real app using only AI tools. So, if you're ready to finally build that idea, get it out of your head, and get it into the real world, well, head to the first link in the description right below to check out Starter Story Built. All right, guys. That's it for this episode. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 2dfMUtHlQik =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $400K/Month Mobile App (Gravl)
DURATION: 935.0
TRANSCRIPT:
Last month, we made over $440K. >> Meet Julian, a developer from Argentina who built an app that makes over $400,000 a month. But it didn't start that way. Before the success, Julian was a dude at the gym who discovered a different app that he thought was pretty cool. However, instead of just using it himself, he thought, "What if I built something better?" And that's exactly what he did. He built an MVP, posted about it on Reddit, and the rest is history. I posted this thread on how I build. We got our first couple of thousand users. I can't really remember, but it was a lot. That was the biggest high probably I've ever had. I brought Julian onto the channel to break down this story and how he actually built an app used by hundreds of thousands of people. In this episode, we'll dive into the original app he cloned in just two months. The simple Reddit strategy that got him his first users and product market fit and the marketing playbook that scaled his app to over $400,000 a month. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Julian, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hey Pat, I'm Julian. I'm one of the co-founders and developer of Gravel, an AI fitness app that provide smart workouts for the gym. We launched around 2 years ago and now we have over 70,000 subscribers. Last month we made over 440K. >> Okay, over 400K with an app is insane. We're going to get all into that, but before we do, I want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you even get into building an app? >> I grew up in Argentina. My dad used to own a fitness center. I pretty much spent all my time outside of school just playing sports and at the gym. I then got into software engineering and uh moved to Australia. And yeah, here I worked from small startups to big tech companies like Atlassian, a few TV channels, even an investment fund. And around co my best friend and also our partner came up with the idea of starting a company. It was like a at start a influencer marketing platform for mobile games. That's how we started. Fast forward a couple years, we ended up being some sort of a marketing agency which was something that I didn't sign up for. Neither did the guys. But the good thing is that we learned a lot about uh user acquisition and marketing, but also what the numbers were. So, in terms of revenue and after seeing some of those numbers, we obviously thought apps make a lot of money and especially fitness apps. So, we kind of used our background to decide that we wanted to start our own app. >> You had this business. You started with partners. It wasn't really what you wanted to build. Maybe it wasn't fully scalable. How does that turn into building an app that now makes over $400,000 a month? >> The business wasn't doing great. And because we transitioned into this kind of agency format, I had all this like energy for developing something that wasn't being used. So, I started with a more like a workout tracker kind of app. So apps like heavy, strong, that kind of thing. But as I was building it, I noticed that okay, I'm not adding any value. It just felt like copy of what they were doing. And then it was one of my mates. He showed me Fitbot. And Fitbot is one of the biggest workout app. And when he showed me the app, I was like, "Oh, like this is amazing." Cuz it kind of provided you with workouts on the spot and you didn't really have to do anything else. But then I started using it, doing some research. I noticed that the workouts were weird and even a bit dangerous sometimes. And like the more I used it, I was like, "Wow, okay, these workouts are actually bad." That's what triggered me. And then I was like, "Okay, this is it. We need to build FitBot UI UX with an actual proper workout engine." That's kind of when we went all in on building it. >> Can you tell me a little bit more about how you built it and how long it took? Initial MVP took around two to three months maybe. We can split the MVP into two parts. First part being pre FitBot and then after Fitbot. The first part of the MVP was more of the tracker. Then we transition into the Fitbot stuff and that's when things got trickier. There's a lot of business logic around building custom workouts for people. There's just a lot of different settings and combinations. Things like equipment, things like your weekly goal, how often do you go to the gym, are you consistent, uh your gender, your weight, your age. There's just so many things to consider. That was the definitely the the most challenging part. >> Tell me about how you launched this, how you got your first customer. What did you do to get this app off the ground and get into people's hands? >> I'm a massive supporter of of Reddit as a distribution channel. I posted this thread on how I built Gravel. Back in the day, it was called Games AI and I shared kind of the technical specs around it. It got over a couple hundred likes within the first couple hours and over 300,000 impressions. Yeah, we got our first couple thousand us. I can't really remember, but it was a lot. We found out that because they're developers and they like tech and some of them might like going to the gym, but they feel like it's a bit intimidating. I feel like a lot of them were actually using the app. And then we started getting feedback about like bugs and feature requests and were like, "Okay, we were on to something." And that was the final push that we needed cuz at this point the app was was free. And we're like, "Okay, now we need to build like a serious business out of this and and try to start running some ads for it." >> Okay, let's talk about something that is changing the game for builders right now. AI. Now, I know we talk about AI apps a lot on this channel, but I still get this question every day from builders. Where do I even start? That's where HubSpot for Startup's AI adoption playbook comes in handy. It's a free guide with a three-step framework on how to use AI inside your business. Inside, you'll learn how to spot AI opportunities in your workflow, implement AI without hiring expensive consultants, and see the exact playbooks companies are using to get real results. What's even cooler is it's sourced from executives at HubSpot, Enthropic, and Replet, some of the biggest AI companies in the world right now. My favorite part is inside the case studies where you will see exactly how one company booked 11,000 meetings and another resolved customer issues 39% faster using this framework. These are real numbers from real businesses. So, if you're ready to get ahead in the AI race, download HubSpot for Startup's free AI adoption playbook at the first link in the description below. Thank you to HubSpot for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. I'm sure that probably isn't what got you to over $400,000 a month. So, what has been the actual distribution strategy or the secret sauce behind Gravel on how it grew to over $4 million a year? >> For us, the bigger distribution was paid ads. We started running ads as soon as we obviously added the subscription model. I still remember like running our first app. We got a subscription within the first 10 minutes of like activating the ads. Yeah, that was the [music] biggest high probably I've ever had. And after that, we translated the app to Spanish. We started running ads on South America. And we were spending less than 50 bucks a day on ads. And that's what worked for us from the start up until this day. The next question I have for you that I'm curious about is you've built this app. It's huge. It's doing over $400,000 a month. What would be your top learnings or top tips for anyone building apps in 2025, specifically consumer apps or even uh fitness specific? >> The tip number one for sure will be to validate before spending money on ads. And when I say validate, it's not just that the product work, but also that people are willing to pay for it. That's also something very important. Tip number two would be and this is where we kind of got lucky because well I'm Spanish speaking and Matias as well so we're like it makes sense for us to translate it into Spanish and then potentially running ads that are cheaper in in South America the US even though we all want to end up there and running ads there is expensive there's a lot of competition tip three is start small you can pay influencers or content creator as low as 50 bucks for some piece of content. You can use AI tools to create videos. You can use Capkart to edit your own videos and you can get some pretty good results with that. It's not as hard as you think to create an ad. The hard thing is is creating the volume. And tip four, like I said, UGC is king. You'll see that most of the ads that work out there are UGC [music] content. You'll seeing a lot of AI videos and that's cost of producing them is cheap and they're easy to test. Last thing would be copy. copy and copy. Good thing about Meta Ads library is that it's all public. You can go into any of your competitions dashboard and see, you know, which ads are working for them, where they putting more money and yeah, there's no secret source there. Just copy what works for them and start like that. It'll probably work for you. I would definitely start there. >> Okay, cool. Well, those tips were amazing. I'd love if you could show us what your app does and give us a quick demo of how it works and how something like this could potentially make $400,000 a month. >> This is our app. This is Gravel. We're an AI fitness app specifically designed for strength training and gym workouts. This is the screen you'll see when you first download the app. So, this is our landing screen. We get your name and then we'll just go and ask you a series of questions like why you want to use a fitness app. We ask you about your experience. Let's say I'm an advanced user. Depending on on your level, we'll ask more specific questions like what's your one rep max for certain exercises, your goals, ask you about your training frequency, your working split, like we use AI here and there. Make sure that you are showing the users that this is an AI app cuz that's sales. Now, again, more questions specific to how you want to train excluded muscles and focus muscle help us, you know, design the workout towards something that you kind of like. Where do you train? cuz like [snorts] I said, we adapt to your gyms and anywhere you train. So, here is where you could create kind of that gym profile. This kind of screen where we generate and show the user that we're generating a custom workout. You get to this final screen where you get your plan kind of summary. Here we go. Hard payw wall before you sign in for the first time. It's like how many users are actually going to pay before they actually see their product. And the answer is a lot. This is what you see when you first open the app. The main thing is the workout card. That's the main thing about the app. That's 90% of your flow is going to be within the active workout. Here you just get a list of exercises that you need to do. From here on is like kind of works like a workout tracker. We have proper content for every video. We have a description and how to do each exercises. And then we have a lot of smart AI features like you know if you sort exercises the weights are adjusted based on the order that there are. The app is pretty complete in terms of everything you need to do at the gym. Also things like recovery rate uh will tell you how tired or not your muscles are based on your previous workout and that includes external workouts from Apple Health, from Straa, it could be runs, it could be anything. We'll learn from that and we'll adapt your workouts accordingly. And one of the important thing that we grew a lot with this and that was our support. So we have a 247 support chat inside the app and that includes everything from articles to messages and we'll have someone reply an actual person not an AI. That's something that users value a lot. That's pretty much it. >> On a similar note I'm curious what's your tech stack? How did you build this app? We use uh React Native and Expo. For the back end, I did.NET for most of the core functionality. I've also used Next and React to build some like internal admin dashboards. In terms of AI, so I try to stay kind of niche with the what I use cursor a lot, but I'm very specific which files to touch and don't let the AI just go [music] rogue basically. Yeah. >> Hey guys, Julian here with a little async update from the future. We finished recording the video and realized that we didn't really go into um numbers and financials of the business. Obviously, very important for you to know and I'm also happy to share some of them. Our expense number one is Meta and Tik Tok and then [music] maybe a little bit of Google, maybe a little bit of Apple search. I'd say a third is somehow accurate. A third of our revenue that is. This doesn't include making the ads but just the cost of running them. Expense number two is salaries. It was mainly just the three of us for a first year. I did the development and then Matias and Aaron did the growth and ads. Since then, we've grown the team to probably maybe 13 to 14 people, give or take. There's some like part-times. There's some contractors. I'd say somewhere between 50 and [music] 80K. Obviously, let's not forget the 15% from Apple. Revenue cut. It's a 1% clip from revenue as well. We have MMPS, which is maybe a grand a month. And then in terms of infrastructure for running the actual app like servers and AI bills and other tools, I'd say around a grand a [music] month as well. >> The last question that I want to ask you and what we ask all founders who come on Starter Story, what would be your advice to anyone watching this right now that wants to build something? >> Be proud of what you build. Cuz at least for me, the motivation that comes from building something that I'm excited about can't be matched by anything else. It's always easier to grind and work for zero dollars when you love what you're doing. Another thing will be to keep pushing then don't give up too soon. It's a long road. So building it is just not even half of it. Be ready to do all the hustling of you know the Reddit stuff that I did for example and then having ads that don't work and you're going to get some punches. So you need to know that you just need to keep going. And in saying that, it's also knowing when to when to give up actually when you're like, "All right, this product doesn't work." So that's also a very important thing. In our case was our previous startup. We probably dragged that for an extra year. We should have probably called it days like way earlier. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Julian, for coming on to the channel. >> Thank you, Pat. Thanks for the time. >> What I love about Julian's story is his app is crushing it. is making over $400,000 a month, but also it's something he's super passionate about. Julian clearly loves fitness and working out, and how cool is it that you get to build an app that makes hundreds of thousands of people's lives better, and it's something that you love, too. That is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build so you can do the same in Starter Story Build. We will help you ship your idea to the real world in just a couple weeks, as long as you are ready to actually launch your product. So, if you are, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. That's it for this episode of Starter Story. Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO PmyXmpkTIdc =====
TITLE: I flipped 4 apps and made $500,000
DURATION: 1001.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I build apps and flip them. I've done this four times and made over $500,000. This is Lots, a London-based founder who treats apps like real estate. He builds them fast, grows them to about 20k a month, and then flips them for all cash deals. My philosophy is to stack cash and achieve financial [music] freedom. Since 2022, he's done this four times and made over a half a million dollars. But, here's what makes his approach different. Most founders get obsessed with their idea, but Lots doesn't. He builds to sell. I'd rather take two to three years of profit up front than grind for a decade. His philosophy, cash out fast and move on to the next one. I asked Lots to come on the channel to break down his entire build-to-flip playbook, and in this video, we'll dive into how he builds and grows his apps in just a few weeks, his exact framework for finding ideas [music] that can sell fast, and why building to sell beats building to scale for most business ideas that are started today. This one you cannot miss. Let's get into it. I'm Pat [music] Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Lots, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you build, and what's your story. Yeah, my name's Lots. I'm from London, moved there recently, and I build apps to about 10 to 20k MRR and flipping them. I've done this four times now and [music] racked up a total sales of over half a million dollars since 2022. Okay, before we get into this whole strategy around flipping apps, what were the apps that you built and sold? So, Bible Buddy was my first one. So, that was a AI therapist for Christians. Then Magic Music, which was a wrapper around Ceno AI, which is a AI music generator. Then Toxic Traits, which is basically just screenshot chats that you have with people, and then you get the personality traits from them. And then Pray Screen was the last one, which was essentially it blocks your apps and you have to pray for you to be able to unlock them. You can probably see that there's kind of Christianity thread going through all of them as well. And we've scaled to over a million users across all the apps that we have. [music] Revenue-wise, I've done 500k of course as well. Okay, cool. Well, thanks for sharing that. Before we get into the kind of build, flip, and sell strategy, I want to understand how you even get here. How do you get to this point where you've flipped four apps? Yeah, it actually comes from a place of pain, actually. So, I was actually in banking originally, and then I started my own VC-backed startup. You know, everyone thinks they're going to be Mark Zuckerberg, so I also thought I was going to be from London. Ran it for about 3 and 1/2 years, ended up failing, and I was kind of like to lick my wounds. I was like, let me just kind of create apps and see how that goes. Luckily for myself, this was 2022 when GPT was first commercialized, so I was able to ride like loads of waves and learn a lot super quickly. So, I want to dive into that first app that you built. Did you always have this idea that you were going to be building and flipping apps? How did that first flip go? What's the story behind it? How I got the idea originally was this obviously GPT came out. A lot of people didn't like Bible GPT, but a lot of people didn't like Q&A. It's going to be ask a question, you get something back about the Bible, and that wasn't really helpful. So, I kind of flipped it to be more of a AI therapist to be a little bit more emotional, ask questions after each response. Then launched it on WhatsApp cuz again, I didn't have the technical skills, right? So, I used like a third party at the time, and then I didn't realize WhatsApp charges an arm and a leg per conversation window. Then my costs like ballooned to like 15k a month. I was like, "Hell no. I need to move on to my own infra." Then hired engineer from Upwork, and then moved it to like iOS and Android. And how I found the person that I sold it to was I actually first originally listed it on MicroAcquire. Then I was also active in the My First Million podcast as well in the community they have on Facebook, and someone just happened to be in London [music] at the same time that I also was, and he reached out. He was like, "Hey, this seems interesting." And then he ended up acquiring it. Okay, cool. So, you sort of sell this business as an accident, but then you go and flip three more. What did you learn through that process, and why are you so into flipping apps and doing this over and over? Yeah, I see that there's like two key trends I'm riding here. There's the whole consumer coming back. The market is like trending and is highly liquid. So, what I mean by highly liquid, it means that right now tech isn't a hard thing to build at all, which means there's a lot more buyers out there who can feel like, "Hey, I can just take this product on and just market it better than you and then get more money and more profit margin." So, I think that's the first thing. Number two came from a personal perspective. So, I raised VC originally for my first startup, but I was still broke, right, at the end of the day. And with this, it was kind of a much clearer route to be able to get some cash in. And I think there's a lot of my dream sold to people, which is kind of like, "Hey, raise VC, you know, raise, raise, raise for the next 10 years, and then, you know, hopefully there's that 0.0001% chance you're going to become a a billionaire through there." I would rather, you know, build something, and then in the 6 to 12 months exit it for like a cool 250k. Okay, cool. A lot of people that watch this channel, they have this one big idea. They get really, really attached to this idea, and they can't even imagine what it would be like to just build something just to sell it. How do you approach ideas? Do you get really attached to your ideas, or how do how do you approach ideas? Yeah, so for me, before I kind of start working on anything, I always tell myself, "Is this going to be my legacy or is this cash flow?" And that then dictates all further decisions going down the line. And a lot of the things so far have been things that have just been cash flow. So, that actually dictates on how I build things [music] itself. What people normally get wrong is I'll say two main things. First one is that they make their apps way too complicated. And when I say complicated, I don't mean the actual app itself, but more so the operations behind the scenes, and they don't make it clean enough when you want to then get something acquired itself, which then normally like kills a lot of deals going forward, especially if like, you know, a buyer is asking you certain questions and you can't answer it or just too long-winded an answer, they just think, "Oh, you know what? This is not for me." So, I think that's the first thing. Second of all, when they're also looking for buyers, I would say the issue is that everyone wants to go for the highest price, and the highest price tends to take the longest and also fall through the most itself. And the longer it takes, the more likely it could have been a fall through. So, even when I'm actually selling my app, I don't like to sell to the highest bidder. I normally like to sell to the third highest bidder and tell them that they have two other bids on top of them, but if they're able to close in like 3 to 4 days, I'll choose them. And they normally kind of like feel lucky, and they kind of like, "You know what? Let's just wire everything now, and then let's get everything else sorted afterwards." I want to tell you about a new tool that makes it even easier and faster to build. Rocket. Rocket lets you go from just a few sentences to a full-stack app. Just describe your vision, and in a few minutes, you will get a complete functional app. Back-end integrations and production-ready code, everything. With rocket.new, you can import designs from Figma, integrate with Stripe and Supabase in just a few clicks. 400,000 users from around the world are building with Rocket because it's the simplest way to turn ideas into apps in minutes and not months. So, if you're ready to finally build your idea faster than ever, check out Rocket at the first link in the description. Thank you to Rocket for sponsoring this video. I love what you guys are building. All right, let's get back to the video. Okay, cool. I want to get a little bit more tactical here. I want to understand your playbook. You've done this for over four apps. What is your actual playbook for finding an idea, building it, marketing it, and selling it? Can you walk me through this step by step? Yeah, for sure. So, I'd say like step one is spotting trends in the App Store. And how you do that is actually pretty simple. You just essentially go to the App Store and be able to see, okay, who is currently number one in the different categories. And then once you do that, you're able to then see are there other apps also, let's say in the top 20, who are doing exactly the same thing, but maybe for just slightly different niches. Then I go to Sensor Tower to be able to see, okay, what's actually the revenue numbers of each. And if I see all of them are doing, you know, over 100k MRR or over 500k MRR, then I know, okay, cool, there's something here for sure. And once I've actually spotted the trend that I'm seeing, I then think to myself, okay, how can I make my app unique? So, for me specifically, I love the Christian market itself, normally because obviously I'm Christian myself, but also the edge is most technology gets to faith or religion last, and I want to be the one to kind of like pioneer that on the end. And then step number three, I would say is make the app a single player. So, whenever I speak to people, a lot of people try to do this whole kind of socialness for the app, where it's kind of all you need somebody else to be able to come in for you to be able to get value. But, I always say like make your app single player, something that someone could do on their own without having to invite anyone else in to get that initial value. Yes, you can do it afterwards as an added extra later on, but it just makes things too complicated, and then you kind of have to start marketing to two people at the same time. And then I'd say number four, a key thing for me is like is either you make it highly shareable or super high retention. So, [clears throat] no one on this earth shares apps, all right? No one's going to randomly be like, "Hey, yeah, download this app, right?" But, what they tend to do is actually share an asset within the app, so they don't even know that they're sharing the app. A good case of this was Magic Music, and I allowed people to share songs with other people, and it opened up a web view where they could actually listen to the song without downloading the app. But, then there was a big green button that said, "Create your own song." So, what we kept seeing is that people would, you know, make a song about their friend cussing their friend. Their friend listens to it and is like, "Oh, you know what? I'm going to create my own one." And then they then downloaded it themselves, and that actually made like the shareability of it like super high. And then high retention, I mean, Pray Screen is the best one I've seen this. So, Pray Screen had a 60% day 30 retention, which is kind of like unheard of. And what helped with that was two things. Number one, of course, we literally blocked your apps, so you kind of had to use us for you to unlock your apps. But, also number two is something religious, so there's also another pull factor to bring people in. And then number five, I'd say making the tech stack simple and plug-and-play. When you're trying to sell something to someone else, you need to make it look as simple as possible just so that they don't need to come in with like technical know-how per se to be able to operate this thing. Cuz step six, I would say now you have kind of like your idea ready. Now, of course the major part is obviously growing it for it to be attractive to a buyer. I have a very specific route that I go down and it's normally UGC first. So, I have multiple UGC accounts and I like to create content that is kind of rage baiting where it's kind of like you show something and people have to maybe scroll back or watch it again to just make sure that I just see that or they just end up arguing with everyone in the comments as well because all TikTok sees is that oh, that's engagement. Let's boost that to other people. Once I have the right hook, then I then launch on Meta Ads for example and that way I actually get really low CPIs. CPI being cost per install. [music] So, for Pray Screen we were getting between 30 to 50 cents cost per install in the US market which is like unheard of. That's actually how I normally grow things. Then number seven is around I guess the finale which is how to sell it. For me, I love to get them to about 10k to 20k MRR before then looking for a buyer. One thing you want to do is that your last three months you want it to be like an uptick, right? You don't want it to be like oh, it's currently failing and now you're trying to sell it because it just like you're trying to empty [music] back to somebody else. Where I'd list it, MicroAcquire is a great place for you to list this. Also just posting on Twitter as well. I've seen does really well. In terms of valuations, they vary depending on the buyer but I've seen between like two to four X EBITDA I would say. EBITDA would be just essentially profit. But again, the kind of app side build aren't something that's like so deeply technological that another company would be like well, we need this for sure. It tends to be more of a cash flow thing for the other company that's purchasing. But normally between two to four X EBITDA for the ARR that you have. Okay, cool. Well, thanks for sharing that entire playbook. That was amazing. You've already built and sold four apps. So, I imagine you've seen a lot of ideas that didn't work and obviously you've had some ideas that worked really well. If you were starting over today and building stuff, what would be some of the ideas you'd be working on right now? Apps that you think you could build and sell just like you've done. First one sounds funny whenever I say it but if you've been dating or have a girlfriend, you don't we have this issue where they kind of like oh, you know, I've got a headache. I don't really feel well today. And you just find out they three times a day. I'd build an app where it just tracks that they've eaten three times a day. For especially like around let's say the 18 to 30 age group for sure. And the reason I do kind of this is because there's a specific audience. So, that means targeting is a lot easier. And then this is something I've already seen adjacent apps do which is more like you know, calorie tracking specific women. So, I'll just do some kind of version of that. Second idea I'll do would probably be something around Korean skin care thing that the ladies love. Again, I'll just make this kind of like tracker. You can take a picture of your face kind of like the looks maxing but just more specifically that the Korean glass skin just because there's already a big trend around it. People already spending real money on real procedures. So, you would already know the capacity to spend already is there. And then I call this Chill Guy AI but probably doesn't really make sense. So, I always kind of thought yo, there should be like an app uh where I can just type in stuff about my girlfriend for example and then it just reminds me and it just says hey, you haven't had a date in I don't know, three weeks. [music] Here's a place. Just click this button to book. Or like you haven't sent flowers to her in like three months. I don't have to think about it. Just click this button to book straight to her address, right? And like any little thing she's told me before I can just write it down in the kind of like journal [music] and then it just kind of uses that built to find gifts and I just click a button and it does it for me. And I just kind of think that would absolutely kill it. Um especially like revenue model wise, you can have a subscription base on that. So, I think that's something that'd be super cool. If you build that, I'll be one of your first customers. I promise. So, let me know when you do build that. To talk about that idea that you were just talking about, I want to know about tech stack. Let's say you were to just go and build that idea right now. That was your next big idea. What would be your tech stack in terms of building the app and then also tracking analytics and and running the business? Yeah, for sure. So, I tend to build in React Native. So, that's what I'll do on the building side of things. In terms of like the marketing which is what really matters on that end, I use something called Short Term Eyes. That is basically like you're able to track TikTok views over time for the different accounts. There's also another product called appstoretracker.com and that's able to be able to see different apps and how quickly they've gone up in the app store. So, you can also track yours and see if there's any changes in like the bios or the titles etc. Which can obviously help with ASO. And then the Creator Check. So, this is something that me and my girlfriend were actually working on. Just think of it as like a Gusto but specifically for UGC creators where we do the calculations and payouts. Okay, and on that same note for if you were to build Chill Guy AI, what do you think some of the costs and margins would look like for that business if you were to get to say 10k a month? I would say all in all you're looking at at max $1,000 a month. I think the balloon costs come from the UGC side of things and that depends on the amount of UGC creators that you get on board. So, you could have 10 UGC creators. Maybe you're paying 5 to 10k a month for them. And then what you get is 10 different videos every single day which is super cool. And then on the margin side of things, you're looking to have something that's at least 70% profit margin I would say for something to be super healthy. Last question I always ask everyone who comes on Starter Story. What would be your advice for someone starting over from scratch in 2025 building apps to sell? What would be your advice to someone watching? For sure. Like my thing I say now is only play games [music] you can win and always have an edge. And what I mean by that is like only play games you can win doesn't mean you always win but at least when you lose, you know it's your fault. If I was to build another app, unfortunately it wouldn't be Chill Guy AI. I just don't think I have an edge in that. But I would build another Christian [music] app but for maybe a different niche. Um just because over time I now have an email list of 1.2 million Christians. Uh and you know, Meta has this beautiful thing called lookalike audiences. Makes it so [music] much easier for me to get now low cost per install uh whenever I want to build an app there. And operationally it's just so much easier. Just kind of create a new app and just put it into the [music] same funnel that you have. And then you can also cross-sell within your apps. Well, I can actually sell ad space to another one of your apps for free. I think that's great advice. Thanks for coming on Lots sharing your entire playbook. Hopefully people really enjoyed this video. If you guys have any questions, put it down in the comments below. But otherwise, thanks for coming on, man. You're inspiring. Thank you so much. Bye. I want to thank Lots again for coming on the channel and sharing everything. I think it's amazing that he's done this over four times and he has plans to do it over and over again. That's the power of being able to come up with an idea and build it fast. And this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. [music] It's our program where we will help you take your idea and turn into a real app using only AI tools. If you're ready to get off the sidelines, build that app and launch into the real world, then head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Our next boot camp is starting this week. So, get in there and save your spot. I would love to see you in there building. All right. Thank you guys for watching. That's it for this episode. I hope you enjoyed it. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO orYTlk_BhW8 =====
TITLE: I vibe coded a $12K/month mobile app (Stoppr Breakdown)
DURATION: 605.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I cloned a very successful app, and first month of revenue, I made $5,000. This is David Adias, a guy from France who, up until 6 months ago, had a regular job. That was until he saw an opportunity that most people would miss. I was really amazed by the fact they were making $200,000 per month after 3 months. He came across a mobile app making $200,000 a month, but when he used it, he thought to himself, I think I can build something better. So, in a couple weeks, he vibe coded a one-for-one clone, changed the colors, switched the niche, and just 6 months later, he's gone from zero to $10,000 a month. I brought David onto the channel to break down his entire playbook. And in this video, we'll dive into the app he cloned and how he validated it was worth cloning, how he built his new app in just a month, and the key change he decided to make to it. And lastly, we'll go over the exact playbook he would use if he had to start over today. All right, this one is going to be fun. Let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, David, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story? My name is David. I made an app that makes $12,000 per month. I built that app 5 months ago, and to fund the idea for my app, I cloned a very successful app, and first month of revenue, I made $5,000. That's awesome. It is something that I've been hearing about recently, taking kind of proven English or American apps and localizing them to different countries. So, I think there's something there. I'd like to just know a little bit more about your app. What does it do? Who uses an app like this, and how does it work? It's a mobile app for women to stop their sugar cravings. My customers are around 13 years old to 25, so like mostly Gen Z women. And we have a monthly subscription, we have a weekly, and we have a yearly with a trial as well. Okay, cool. That's amazing, and I think what you did is really cool with this app. But before we get into that, I just want to understand some of the numbers behind this. How many downloads? How many users? How much revenue has this made? So, in 5 months, I got 60,000 downloads. Paying customers, it's around 900 people. And I've been working mainly with French influencers because I noticed that there was no one in France doing something like to help women by cutting the complexity process sugar. Okay, my next question is, how do you even get into building mobile apps? I understand you don't come from a developer background. How do you even find the idea to do something like this? I worked 8 years as a quant trader, so basically, I was helping the traders to figure out which stocks to buy. And then, I discovered some famous indie hackers like Peter Levels and Thibault from Outrank and Jack who made Post Bridge, and I got really inspired by their story because they were able to generate a lot of cash quickly. And 5 months ago, I was watching a podcast on YouTube with the three teenagers, the founders of Quitter. And after month three, I heard like they were making like $200,000 per month, and I was envious, I was jealous, and that's what got me started to start Stopper. Okay, I want to talk for a second about how David built this app. It was a few months ago, and he used Cursor and a few other tools to clone the app in about a month. But the space is changing quickly, and I want to tell you about a new tool that makes it even easier and faster to build, Rocket. Rocket lets you go from just a few sentences to a full stack app. Just describe your vision, and in a few minutes, you will get a complete functional app, back-end integrations, and production-ready code, everything. With rocket.new, you can import designs from Figma, just like David did, and integrate with Stripe and Supabase in just a few clicks. 400,000 users from around the world are building with Rocket because it's the simplest way to turn ideas into apps in minutes, and not months. So, if you're ready to finally build your idea faster than ever, check out Rocket at the first link in the description. Thank you to Rocket for sponsoring this video. I love what you guys are building. All right, let's get back to the video. One of the big reasons I wanted to bring you on the channel, you took a proven app, and you sort of made it 1% different, and now you have a really successful app. So, can you tell me a little bit more about how you found the idea and how you decided to clone that specific idea? The way that I found this idea is from YouTube. I saw those three guys on YouTube, and I was really amazed by the fact they were making $200,000 per month after 3 months. And then, when I downloaded the Quitter app, I was very pleased by their onboarding, and I did one exact copy of their onboarding because it was so good. Well, okay, cool. That's amazing. On this topic of cloning, you can find an idea, then you can find another niche to put it in. But my question for you is, how'd you know that this niche, quitting sugar, was an app that was worth building and something that people would pay for? How did you validate this? Basically, what I did, I went on Google Trends. I was looking for a keyword such as stop sugar. And because for the past 5 years, the trend of this keyword is basically going higher and and higher and higher. And then, I checked for the same keywords on TikTok and Instagram, and I saw that there were a ton of women influencers that they were talking about quitting sugar, about stopping sugar. So, I validated by keyword research and by content research on TikTok and Instagram, and that's how I knew that making an app to stop sugar craving was potentially a great idea. Okay, amazing. So, you validate this idea, what's the next step? Building it. Tell me about how you actually built Stopper. So, my first step was to download Quitter to take some screenshot of each screen. What I wanted to see is basically like how we go from screen one to screen two to screen three. So, I was prompting us Cursor, please make the same screen with the same visual elements, with the same color, with the same image. In 2 weeks and a half, I did one full copy of Quitter. And then, to submit to the first version of the app and to get the approval from Apple, it that took me 1 week. Cool. I think anyone watching this right now is hopefully getting excited about potentially doing the same. So, my next question for you is, if you were to do this again, to start over from scratch, what would be your playbook to clone a successful app from the App Store in 2025? The first step, that would be to find a very successful app, to check basically that if it's for like a specific niche, and if that app markets for a specific regions and the countries. To confirm the revenue, you have to go to Sensor Tower to have a sense of what the app is making as a monthly recurring revenue. The second one, you want to uh research on TikTok and Google Trends if it's a niche worth building. Step three, that would be a building the design. So, use a Figma plugin to import all those JPEG screenshots in Figma. You are going to see some discrepancies there and there, but for 80% of all the screen, that's near perfect. There are some websites like screen.design.com and mobbin.com. So, for example, you will go there, search for a Quitter. You can download all the screenshots from a given app with one click. Step four, I think for most app, that's not needed, but if you need some back-end, the easiest that's Firebase because with Firebase, they manage the connection with Google, they manage the connection with email password, and with the Apple setting as well. Right now, like with the Figma MCP, you can connect your Figma MCP to Cursor. Before, it took me like 1 month to do the MVP. Right now, like with the Figma MCP, that would probably take me 2 weeks. Okay, amazing. Thank you for sharing that playbook. It's crazy to see how fast AI coding is getting better. I want to change topics slightly to tech stack. Can you break down the full stack that Stopper is built in? What's it built on? To vibe code, I use a Cursor. To check my revenue within the app, I am using RevenueCat. To have some deeper analytics about what my users are doing, I am using Mixpanel. I am using a tool which is called top yappers.com, which is basically a site that scrapes TikTok and Instagram and YouTube to find the exact profile that I need of influencers that worked with other apps before. I will add the emails that I find from top yappers.com, and then I will feed that into LinkedIn.ai. And then, I have been using since the last week here the ads on Menta and the Spark ads on TikTok. So, Spark ads is a great way to increase the number of views you have for a current real video. Now, on that same note, I'm also curious, what are the costs to run an app like this? What do your profit margins look like? Could you break that down for me? I have the ultra plan of Cursor, which costs $20 per month. On Mixpanel, last month I paid around $100. And for the TikTok Spark ads, what I've been doing for the past months cost me around $100 per month. So, after 5 months, my profit margin for Stopper is a 35%. Last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could stand on young David's shoulders before you started your app, found this app, cloned it, built it, what would be your advice or for anyone watching this right now? Fastest way to make some money right now is to do one-to-one copy of a very successful app. And when I say one-to-one copy, I mean like you copy each screen, you copy each word. I changed black by pink, I replaced ideal content by sugar, and then done. Yep, I mean, I agree. I think it's totally okay to copy an app, and actually, I think that's the right thing to do, especially when you're starting out. The only thing that I think that you shouldn't do is don't copy the niche. You don't want to go and take their customers, take everything they did, and put it to a different niche. You're not taking their customers. So, anybody who's watching this right now, I think this is a great framework. Thank you, David, for coming on, sharing everything. For anyone watching right now, let us know in the comments if you enjoyed David's story, if you'd want him to come back and deep dive more into this cloning playbook. Thank you, David, for coming on. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you to David for coming on to the channel. Personally, I love this because he took a successful app, he switched the niche, changed the customer base, and took proven principles such as onboarding flows and a bunch of other things, and basically cloned it into his new app. I think that's super smart, especially if you're starting your first business idea. You want to get to your first 10, $20,000 a month. What I loved even more was that he vibe coded this entire thing in a couple weeks. And that is the power of building with AI. You can have an idea in your head and turn it into a working app faster than you've ever been able to do before. And this is exactly what we show you how to do inside Starter Story Build. We will guide you step by step on how to use AI to bring your app to life. If you're interested in actually building something and getting off the sidelines, head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, guys, that's it for this episode. Thank you again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO VYT-ip21P08 =====
TITLE: How I Used Twitter to Hit $10K/Month
DURATION: 1210.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I never in my wildest imaginations expect to get numbers like this. >> Meet Rob Hallum, a solo developer you've probably seen all over X in the last few months. But what you might not know about Rob is that he wasn't always successful. He failed for years until he discovered one platform that changed everything. X. >> I built this entire business through sharing my story on X. >> Rob simply started posting on X, sharing the wins, the losses, everything. And to his surprise, it turned into followers, users, sales, and ultimately a very successful SAS business. >> I went viral first and then got the followers second. >> Rob might be one of the best minds when it comes to building a public. So, I asked him to come on to the channel to break down his story and how he went from 0 to $12,000 a month building on X and posting content. And in this video, we'll dive into the insane opportunity of building a public right now. Rob's exact content system that he uses every day to grow on X and his step-by-step playbook on how to build in public and get thousands of followers if he had to start over from scratch today. >> Unlike what I thought was the case, it isn't about luck. >> This is one that you cannot miss. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. >> What's up, Rob? Welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. My name is Rob Palam. I built SuperX, which is a platform that helps you grow on X the right way. I launched it publicly four months ago, and since then, we've gone from 1,000 to over $13,000 in monthly recurring revenue, now growing at 25% month over month. The crazy thing is, I built the entire business on X itself, using SuperX to grow SuperX. I'm living proof the system works because I've gone from zero to over 34,000 followers in just over a year. And that's the playbook, Building in Public, that I'm excited to share with you today. Rob, I'm super excited to talk about the build in public. You are one of the experts of build and public. I think I follow you on X. What you do is awesome. We're going to get all into that, but I do want to understand what is this business that you built. Is it a SAS? Is it an app? Could you show me your business real quick and explain how it works? >> So, SuperX is the only tool that helps you grow on X with Twitter the right way. We're the only platform that shows you which posts went viral, why they worked, and then helps you create versions to go viral yourself. We're doing $13,000 a month right now in monthly recurring revenue entirely through $29 a month subscriptions and we have about $450 active subscribers right now. >> Okay, cool. Super cool business. A lot of people watching the channel want to see that this is a real business that's making over $10,000 a month. Could you show us some of the analytics, Stripe or whatever you look at on a daily basis? >> So, this is our Stripe dashboard. This is our MRR, the majority of it here. The rest is over on Lemon Squeezy. We recently migrated. You can see our net volume since we migrated about a month ago. The majority of our revenue is through subscriptions. So our trial rate right now is around actually about 30%. This is adjusted because we recently migrated over from Stripe. We've got about 60 active trials right now and our churn is close to about 30% as well, but we're trying to get it down right now. Since I started using SuperX properly back in about April, you can see the majority of my impressions have started to skyrocket. And since then, I've been able to keep about 100,000 impressions a day. And this is where 95% of the traffic and most of our users have come from. Since I started posting about 2 and 1/2 years ago, I never in my wildest imaginations expect to get numbers like this. And it's only really happened since I started following the data. Before that, and I was posting randomly, I was getting, as you can see, completely inconsistent impressions. And now we're looking at about 100,000 impressions a day. >> All right, cool. Thank you for sharing all that, Rob, sharing all those metrics, being super transparent about that. I love that. We're going to get all into the build in public thing, but I do have to understand about your background. How do you get into building on X, building apps, and making money with an app online? What's your backstory? >> I went through the traditional route my entire life. I studied hard at school, got a good degree, computer science from a good university, and then I became a software engineer. And that was until my first employer laid me off. And with that, I decided I was done with corporate, and that's what led me to start my journey on X back in early 2023. Over the next two and a half years, I built and launched five products that made in total a whopping zero dollars. And while it sucked, it taught me three fundamental things. Firstly, that distribution matters. Secondly, that monetization matters from day one. And thirdly, that you need to focus on building painkillers, not vitamins. But the biggest thing of all of it was that through sharing the hard times along with the wins, I built trust within our community. I posted every single struggle and failure that I had along the way. And that is what led me to the breakthrough. >> Okay. So the breakthrough you mentioned this is one of the big reasons why I wanted to bring you on the channel Rob is this whole idea of building in public. Obviously you hadn't created the SAS yet. SuperX didn't even exist at this point. What was that breakthrough? Tell me that story. What happened there? >> After I'd had these five failures for me money at that point was becoming this thing that was really really scarce and I was getting really really anxious. I literally hadn't made any money in over a year. So, I made this post and it shared all of my failures and it blew up. It got about 150,000 views on X. And with that came one comment that said I should start a development agency using my skills. So, with the momentum of that initial post, I immediately announced I was starting this development agency and I got my very, very first $3,000 client from that initial viral post. From there, it started to go really really well. The wildest part of all of this was that all of these clients were coming through X inbound to my DMs through my viral posts. I started to post more and more trying to get more and more clients and drive more and more revenue. So, when I started to get these viral posts, everything in my life kind of felt like it was clicking together because I felt like what I'd seen others do in the past on X was finally real and possible. In hindsight, that vulnerability was what made it reach out to so many people because so many people feel this way, too. But I had no process to create this content to drive in these clients. So I built one and soon enough I was using AI data and analytics to systematically create viral content on X. And through that I was making the most money I've ever made in my entire life. And that is when I partnered with Tibo who is the old co-founder of Tweet Hunter to build SuperX. He'd acquired the SuperX Chrome extension and I came on to build the SuperX web app with all of my ideas, merging the analytics and the process to build my dream X growth tool. >> Okay, so you realize the power of build and public. You build this sort of dev agency around it, which is amazing. Most people would probably stop there and be like, "Wow, this is like amazing money and this is awesome. I get to travel the world and do this." But that wasn't enough for you. You wanted to take it to the next level. So, what happened next? >> At the end of 2024, I had a few things going on. So, I had problems with the employee that I had hired. I had a relationship that was breaking down and I realized that actually building products for other people was completely unfulfilling. In January 2025, I made this New Year's resolution where I decided I'm going to start vlogging. That was then when I posted this post that a lot of people now know me for. I shared how filming in public was like, and this was while I was at the airport in Amsterdam flying to Rio de Janeiro. And then when I landed in Rio Janeiro, I opened my phone and this post had over a million views. And all of a sudden, this was like another breakthrough, another viral post. But the scale to which this went viral was beyond my craziest imaginations. And the timing of everything just made sense. I'd started vlogging. I closed down my agency. And this was also when I was starting to build SuperX. But those first seven months in reality were absolutely brutal. I got hospitalized in Guatemala with food poisoning. A few months later, I got hospitalized again in Colombia. And all the time, X kept changing their API all the time. So that was causing stability issues in SuperX. And every day I'd open my inbox and see tens of messages saying that SuperX was down. But I kept building and I kept posting. And I look back at this now and I realized that I was incredibly uncomfortably vulnerable at many, many times. But at the same time, if I wasn't as vulnerable as I have been, I don't think I would have built the audience. I don't think I would have grown my SAS to the numbers that we're doing now. Nowadays with AI, there's so much swap content and people want to follow people. People want to follow stories. It's been this way always. So if you go on X and you share your story, your personality honestly and vulnerably, that is how you build an audience in 2025. So those brutal 7 months led up to the launch in July. I posted this very standard launch post. It had a screen recording of what SuperX does, breakdown of what it does, etc. That got 32,000 views and on top of that it got 26 signups. So I set it down in front of my laptop. I took a selfie. I posted on X and that post got over 46,000 views. I think the funniest thing was that although that post wasn't advertising what SuperX was, that post drove way more signups than the initial launch post did. And thanks to that post, we added $1,000 in monthly recurring revenue in just 24 hours. And I took that as a signal to just keep going. So I started using SuperX to grow SuperX. I used the systematic approach that I built into the product of SuperX to help grow us on X. I'd finally systemized my content strategy. I found what was going viral. It built it. I posted it with my personality. Then I doubled down on the hits and I killed what didn't work. All of it's organically through the strategy that I just talked about. You don't need followers to start. You need consistency, a story line, and a system. Look, this strategy of building a public is not for everyone. But if you're willing to put yourself out there and embrace the cringe, the chances of you building a successful product, I think, are going to be a lot higher. If Rob's story resonates with you, well, I've got something special that I think you should check out. Inside starter story emote, we go over these 17 distribution channels that successful founders are using today. We source all this data from the hundreds of founders that we talked to through the YouTube channel and through starter story. And just one of these 17 distribution channels is building in public. And we have a bunch of modules on how to build in public. And I want to give you all that for free. So, if you click the link in the description right there, you can access our entire build and public modules going over not only Rob's but other build and public strategies that are used by successful founders today in building actual real businesses making real revenue. But this won't be free forever as it's part of the larger starter story remote accelerator. If you've built stuff and you're ready to take it to the next level and focus on distribution and getting attention and building audience and getting customers, then you're definitely going to want to check this out. Just click the link below in the description. But again, it's not going to be free forever. All right, let's get back to the interview. All right. Well, thanks for sharing that, Rob. I think that's amazing. That's one of the real reasons I want to bring you on the channel is that I genuinely think you are one of the best at building in public. I've been following you for a long time. So, I think you have a lot to share and I'd love you to actually share a little bit more and I know a lot of people watching this want to build in public. They want to grow their followers. They know that having an audience is really, really important in this age of AI. So my question to you would be, if you had to start over right now with no audience, zero followers, what would be your step-by-step process to build an audience like you did? >> So step one is set your foundation before you post anything. Set up your profile with these three things. Your profile photo, pick something friendly, smile, but post your actual face and don't change it often because this is what people are going to associate with you. Then your bio. You want one clear sentence explaining what you're doing. And importantly, and this is what a lot of people miss out, is your pinned post. You want your goal or your elevator pitch. So in my case, it was left my job, left my home to live on savings and try and build my dream SAS to 10K a month. You want that pinned at the top of your profile. This step is crucial and this is why it's step one. When people see your content in the feed and they click on it and they go to your profile, they need to instantly understand what it is you're doing, what your story is in order for them to want to go and follow along. Step two is pick your goal and commit to it. What so many people try and do is just post on X, post without intention. You need to pick one specific goal and then document the process of working toward it daily. This gives you consistency because people forget you otherwise because it's the internet. It gives you a storyline because people follow stories, people follow journeys and it gives you authenticity because it gives you the opportunity to through the journey share the ups and the downs and it builds trust like crazy. Step three is the content loop. This is the framework that I use that changed everything for me and it's saying that your content should be four types. entertaining, educational, inspirational, and convincing. So that's like selling your product. But the key is that you don't post them randomly. You post something with intention following this loop. Start with something entertaining. This is the viral post that you're going for. You want to post something funny, something relatable, maybe something vulnerable, the fun tool launch, something like that. This gets you engagement. This gets you warmed up in the algorithm. This gets you the attention. And then you follow up with the educational or the selling. Now that you have the attention, you want to teach something, give some free value, or pitch your product, but importantly from a place of goodwill. So you say, for example, here's how you grow on X D with super X. And then the final part of the loop is to turn it inspirational. So at this point, probably got loads of views, maybe you got a few sales, few followers. Take a screenshot of that, post it. That itself will potentially go viral. But importantly, if you want to have that impact, you want to share what it means to you. For example, this is why I left my job. Moments like this make it worth it. But write it from the heart. You want people to root for your journey authentically. And then once you're at the end of the loop, rinse back to the start and repeat. This loop does three things. It builds trust through authenticity. It educates your audience so that they see the value that you bring and it sells without being annoying. Step four is systemize what works. This is kind of like my secret source if you want to call it that. Don't guess what to post. Use data. Go to successful profiles in your niche. Analyze their top performing post. So I use the superchrome extension for this, but you can use whatever is comfortable. And then identify the concept, most importantly the concept, not the actual post that worked. So you want to take that concept, not word for word, and then make it in your own style. A real example in my case was I used SuperX to analyze what was going viral in my niche. I found a curse for tweets and algorithm simulator were going viral. So I built this features in SuperX. I posted the dancing demo showing them off and this worked. It was combining the proven viral concept with my personality. Step five, double down on what works and kill what doesn't. By this point, you're going to have some signal of what's working and what isn't. So you should be tracking every single post's performance. Then you want to find your patterns. So what format works best for me? In my case, it was video for you. It might be something different. What style of posting resonates? And then what topics engage? So in my case, it was feature releases and authentic moments. Then when you find what works, make more of it. Double down on what works cuz the algorithm rewards consistency. And then importantly, also this is a part that a lot of people forget, kill what doesn't, even if it went viral. So in my case, algorithm simulator went viral, but I killed it from SuperX because it was a feature that most people didn't even use. Step six is build real connections. This is the crux of it all. So far it feels very cold and calculated but at the end of the day you want to be building real connections like you build a real community in real life. I see a lot of my audience and followers as genuine friends and they are genuine friends. I've met up with them as I've been traveling through the world cuz the important thing is that growth isn't just through viral posts. You shouldn't just be chasing virality assuming that you actually want to build something real. You need to build a community through intentional engagement. What most people do wrong is they focus on quantity. So they use AI to spam replies under hundreds of posts, which is a huge problem. On X, they'll say generic comments like, "Ah, so great. Oh, wow. Great post." And at the end of the day, they get no real connections built. But what actually works is you want to find people in your niche, in your community that you genuinely want to connect with and make friends with and then reply with real value. Share your experience, share stories, ask thoughtful questions, and stay consistent with the same people like building any friendship in real life. Show up daily, be yourself, not a robot. And finally, step seven, leverage what the platform wants. Right now, X is pushing video. I don't know what it will be in the future, but video works really well because it keeps people on the platform longer. They're watching your video, so videos get more reach. This does change over time, so you need to pay attention and adapt. For me, when I switched from text to video format, I got 10 times the reach of text posts. But the bottom line of all of this is that unlike what I thought was the case, it isn't about luck. is about building trust through consistent storytelling, systemizing virality through data and analytics, and focusing on building intentional, real friendships. If you do this, you won't need paid ads. >> All right. Well, thank you for sharing that amazing playbook. That is truly amazing, and I really do believe that anybody can build in public. It's not going to happen overnight, but that was really great. So, thanks for sharing that. I realize that we haven't really talked too much about the app that you've built. I think a lot of people watching might be curious about like how does this app even work? Would you be able to give me a little bit of a demo of SuperX and just show me what it does and how it works? >> When you first sign up to SuperX, you land on the inspiration page. This is where we have custom generated daily inspiration. So, none of these posts existed before. They were doing exactly what I said in my playbook. They take what's going viral right now, pulling your context and the concepts of virality and make posts that will go viral for you. The real source of SuperX, of course, is the Chrome extension. So, you can see here I've navigated to my profile. This works on any profile. You can see top posts easily like this. sort them by impression, likes, etc. It gives you real data, insights. I can see the activities on estimate I'm earning through X. And here we can see Pat's as well. So you can see that Pat's put top posts of all time. We got one here, another one here. Um, and we can sort through his tweets really easily. And we can take the viral concepts from these tweets and go and send them into SuperX to help us actually write the content, schedule it. But the feature I am the most excited about is this feature that I just released which is superX engage which helps you step by step reply to posts in your community from people who you're interested and this helps you actually craft those intentional connections that I was talking about. You can reply on the posts in X through superX and you can track your replies all in one place. Okay, thank you for sharing that super cool tool. I'm also curious on a somewhat different note is the tech stack behind this. You built all this yourself. What is your stack for building and then also marketing and how the business runs? >> My philosophy is you pick one stack, learn it deeply and ignore all of the noise because too many people spend way too much time nowadays chasing new technologies instead of just shipping. So my essential stack is for development I use Nex.js, Node.js and Tailwind. For databases I use SQ Lite. We use the X API of course which costs about $2 to $3,000 a month. We use OpenAI and Anthropics Claude Sona API which costs about $1,000 a month. We use AWS for our servers which is about $200 a month. Zillas cloud for vectorized embeddings. This lets us do semantic similarity search on tweets that costs about $200 a month as well. For my personal AI assisted coding, I use claw code that costs about $200 a month. I use Screen Studio for those headbanging demos that go viral. That costs about $10 a month. Then Framer for the landing page, which costs about $10 a month. And Stripe for payments, which of course is free, well excluding fees, and Post Hog for analytics, which I think is free. >> Okay, cool. Thanks for sharing that. Super cool. The last question that we ask everyone who comes onto the channel if you could go back in time to before you were building in public, maybe even before you had the SAS, what would be your advice to young Rob or your advice for anyone that's watching this that wants to build SAS and build in public like you? >> First thing I would say is breathe. Second I would say is do things with intention, not with emotion. Figure out what you want, cut out all of the noise, and then do an insane amount of volume with intention. Fundamentally, take care of yourself. And if you do all of these things, it's just a matter of time. >> Well, thanks for coming on to the channel, Rob. I think what you did is awesome. Thanks for sharing all the build in public sauce that you have. I think people are going to really enjoy this. If you like this video, if you're watching this, please leave a comment. If you want to see Rob come back on the channel and go deeper into building public, I'd love to have him back on. But thanks for coming on, Rob. >> Appreciate you, Pat. Thank you. >> I want to thank Rob again for coming on to the channel. Look, I know that the whole building in public thing may not be the sexiest growth strategy in the world. I know that a lot of people watching this might be thinking, well, I don't really want to go and share everything about my life online. But if I were to give advice for someone who's just starting out who wants to build something, build stuff online. This is the number one thing that I have people do. Share what you're doing online. Document what you're doing and share your story. In this age of AI where any sort of app or video or AI slop, all this stuff can be created out of thin air. What's the thing that's actually going to last? Well, it's audience. It's distribution. It's real human connection. And for bootstrappers, people who are building side projects, people who are building stuff online, this may be one of the most important videos you ever watch. I love building public. It's something I've done for a really long time. I think this is a really important video and I hope you enjoyed it. If you're ready to build something, check out Starter Story Build. I'll put a link in the description for Starter Story Build where you can come up with your idea, build it, and launch it in just a matter of weeks. And then, of course, focus on the distribution. All right, guys. Thank you guys for watching it. That's it for this episode. I hope you enjoyed it. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO CwHD6Fg-Mjs =====
TITLE: I vibe coded a $20K/month mobile app in 14 days
DURATION: 806.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm 23 years old and my apps do over a million dollars in sales a year. >> This is [music] Connor, a 23-year-old kid who cracked the code on building apps that actually make money. >> I built my latest app in less than 2 weeks, 100% with AI. >> To prove it, [music] he joined a hackathon of over 55,000 people, built an app from scratch, grew it to $20,000 a month, and won the entire thing. >> The apps that I build are designed to make money from day one. I asked Connor to come on to the channel to break down his entire playbook for building [music] money-making apps fast. And in this episode, we will dive into how he finds validated ideas that can make money from day one. Exactly how he vibe codes these apps quickly and his step-by-step playbook on how to grow them into money-making machines. Strap in because this is an episode you [music] cannot miss. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Connor to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, uh, I'm Connor, and over the past few years, I've built a handful of mobile apps. These apps have done over a million in revenue now. I really only got into entrepreneurship roughly 3 years ago just by watching YouTube videos and staying optimistic on what I'm building. >> Okay, Connor, that's amazing. Can you share with me what types of apps that you've built? >> So, I've built a bunch of different apps. I've probably got around six apps now. My most recent app is called Payout and this is one that I just recently launched in the beginning of August and just scaled it up to doing 20,000 a month in revenue. The downloads is over 12,000 over,300 new subscriptions. [music] One cool thing is this is part of the Revenue Cat Chipoton competition. It's a hackathon that people can release new apps to the app store. This year it had over 55,000 entrance and it won first place for the build and grow award which has a total grand prize of $65,000 for the app that has the most growth over the two-month period. Before we get into the app and how you built it, uh, I got to understand a little bit more about your background. I know you're only 23 years old and this is pretty impressive what you've done. So, tell me how you get to this place where you even start building apps. >> So, before I started building apps, I was just, you know, any other kid playing too much video games, staying up late, no computer science background. One night in the middle of the night, I woke up and I just had a random app idea and I wrote down the whole app idea in my notes. You know, I'd never coded anything. The next morning I woke up and I just started watching YouTube videos and I didn't have a MacBook at the time and I really wanted to make an iOS app and I didn't really have any money so I started doing random tasks just like selling random items around my room and eventually like I got my hands on an old MacBook. I started building a social app called Hotspot Events. This app took me 6 to 8 months to build kind of failed. I really had no idea what I was doing. After that first app I quickly realized that apps that are social are super hard to scale. So I eventually moved on to utilities and tools and these are much more easy to scale as a oneman person. This was all about three years ago and since then I've scaled these apps to doing over a million in subscription revenue. >> Okay. I mean that's amazing. I love that you did this without having all the crazy tools or anything like that. So my next question for you is how do you build these apps? What is your playbook for building these apps? How do you think about building an app from scratch? >> Yeah, before I get into how I do things today, I think it's important that people know that you know you don't need all these fancy tools. I was just watching YouTube videos and going on Stack Overflow and now my process today is pretty straightforward. I have a very specific set of steps that I follow to make sure that the app I'm building has ability to convert, drive a lot of sales, also have really good user retention. My first step is that I'll go and download a whole bunch of apps, maybe 20 apps that are in the niche that I'm diving into, as well as other apps that I just think are beautiful apps that I want to draw inspiration from for their design perspective. The next thing I do is screenshot every single page in every single onboarding. And I take all these screenshots and I'll put them all on one big line in a Figma file so I can see all of the onboardings, every question they ask, every graph they have. and I'll pick out all the ones that I like and I'll grab some from one, some from another, and then I'll redesign them so all have my theme and my aesthetic that I want for my app. I think it's really important to have an extensive onboarding. Realistically, 90% of users will probably only ever see your onboarding if you have a paywalled section in your app. So, I think it's really important that you spend a lot of time on this, maybe even as much time as designing the actual functionality of the app. When it comes to the onboarding, these are the most important things that you want to do to make sure that your app converts successfully. The first one is you want to invoke emotion. You want to make sure that when the user is going through the onboarding, they feel [music] strongly about it. Most purchases are made emotionally and are not logical when it comes to consumers. You also want to make sure that you show the strongest incentives of your app, how it's going to improve your users's life. You want to make sure that they understand the benefits and that it's very simple for them to be able to make that purchase. It's also important to make sure that the app feels personalized. In today's day and age when there's so much competition, people want to make sure that what they're buying feels like it's meant for them specifically rather than just like a generally applicable app. Finally, you want to make sure that you have some sort of charts, graphs, something to make the app feel more scientific. People like to know that something that they're using has been proven to work, that other people have successfully used it. And by adding these charts and graphs, it'll make it so your app seems very legitimate. The next step is you're going to want to design your data structures. This is very important specifically for vibe coding. It's important to know what your data is going to look like, how it's shaped. Because when you feed the AI, such as cursor or claw, it'll make it much more simple for the AI to know what exactly you're trying to build so it doesn't have to make any guesses on what you're trying to make. I recommend making a text document with an explanation as well as some JSON data that explains what your data actually looks like and some information about each of the attributes that you're going to have for your data. By giving it this text document in advance, it allows me to code this thing very quickly. With this prep done, you can actually start to build the app. Usually, I'd start with building the core functionality of the app, skipping the onboarding and just going straight for the main features of the app. You can really just drop the screenshots into Claude or Cursor, whatever AI you're using. And because it's now able to read the images and understand what it's looking at, it'll actually be able to write the code for the full screen for you. When working with AI, it doesn't always get everything right on the first time. So, sometimes you need to just continue to work with it and eventually it'll get the details correct. I don't recommend being too picky because it's important to get a version out quickly rather than getting a perfect app out. As far as the tools that I use now, I honestly just use Claude. That's the only thing I'm using for AI coding and it does everything for me. >> It is absolutely insane that Connor was able to build and launch this app in just a few weeks. I hope that his story inspires a lot of people watching to get started and vibe code stuff as well. However, I need you to be careful. I see a lot of people get into vibe coding, try to oneshot something real quick, get lost, not be able to deploy, and then give up. Cuz here's the truth about building with AI. You need to know how to use these AI [music] tools effectively. What to build, how to ship fast, and how to build something that actually works. Well, this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build, which is our program where you will learn how to launch your project using only AI coding tools and do it in just a couple weeks. Once you understand how to actually leverage these AI tools, you can build [music] a lot faster and save a whole lot of time. So, if you're ready to learn how to build apps the right way with AI. Well, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Our next cohort is starting this week, so definitely check out that link and save your spot. All right, let's get back to the video. The next question I have for you is around validation. You've built multiple apps that are really successful, and I know you've also built some stuff that wasn't successful as well. Looking back, how do you know if your app idea is validated and it's worth taking it the distance? >> So, the way I see it is there's two different types of apps. There's innovating new ideas and there's modifying versions of existing ideas. If you're creating a modified version of an existing app, then congrats, your app is already validated by other people. Now, all you have to do is make some modifications and make it so the app feels like it's your own. The other option is when you're making something brand new. What I'd usually do when I'm making something brand new is go look on Tik Tok, Instagram, see if anyone's talking about the problem that you're trying to solve. [music] You want to make sure that there's an easy path for you to market this app by looking at the comments and seeing like are people asking questions asking like how do I solve this problem? Then now with the current state of how fast you can build apps, I actually will skip the weightless steps and just go ahead and build the app. I really believe that any app can make thousands of dollars these days. Your idea doesn't have to be some crazy app that changes society to make a couple thousand dollars. There's hundreds of millions of people in the US alone. And if you can even capture a tiny grain [music] of sand out of that, then you can make more than enough to sustain yourself. >> I agree with that, too. There are so many apps out there that are crushing it that we don't even know about. It's pretty insane what's possible today. But as we know, building it is not enough. We have to focus on one very important thing, which is distribution. My next question for you is around marketing. What was your playbook to grow this app from 0 to $20,000 a month in 50 days? And what is your general playbook for marketing apps? For this app, there was a couple different tactics that I used to get the app off the ground. The first one was influencer campaigns. This is when you work with an influencer and have them promote the app or their already existing audience. If you can work with an influencer and get them to promote your product, people already have some degree of trust for that influencer, then they're more likely to listen to their recommendation. For this app, I partnered with a content creator that was already in the niche for the app I was building, and his videos were able to drive a bunch of traffic to the app, [music] like thousands of downloads. The goal is to create relatable, viral content about your app that comes off as natural and unprocessed. Once one of these videos starts to perform well, you can get more videos like that made with other creators so you can have people just repeat formats [music] that are working for you. One of the major benefits of running these UGC campaigns is that as these creators produce content, you're building out the library of ads that you can run in the future. And you already know relatively how good the performance will be on ads based on how well it did organically. And my goal is to always get my app to the point where I can run paid ads. It's the most consistent way to drive revenue growth to your app. Recently, the paid ads algorithm has changed. Facebook is trying to balance two things. They want to make sure that the advertisers are happy with their results while also keeping people on the platform by making sure the videos are entertaining. The more entertaining your video is, the cheaper it'll be to get your video put in front of people, but you also want to make sure that you're driving conversions. So, your ad has to also make sure that it pushes your product. So, it's important to find that balance between having a video that's very entertaining and also has the potential to convert. Thank you for sharing all those growth tactics. I think that might be the most important part. We haven't really talked too much about what your app actually does. Would you be able to show us a quick demo of your onboarding and how your app works? >> So, my app is called Payout. It's a class action lawsuit discovery app that lets people find class action lawsuits that they already are applicable for. And this is basically just a way for people to get some money from companies that have done something wrong. So, for the onboarding, I'll quickly run through it here. Asking for activity notifications. You can see the social proof. Here's the payw wall. This payw wall has been converting really well. You can see that I have a weekly and a yearly option here. And the goal is to prioritize users to get the yearly option since it has the highest lifetime value per customer. Here's the main feature of the app. It's a list of class action lawsuits that you can check and see if you're applicable for. For example, this one is the NBA Top Shot app. They had a privacy settlement over the Metapixel being on their website. You can see the description requirements of who's applicable for this lawsuit. You can press the get started button and fill form. And this will take you to a form that you can fill out, put all of your information in, and have everything ready to go to mail this in and claim your class action settlement. And you can see the app will prepare the PDF ready for you to mail in. There's also the wallet tab where you can keep track of all the class action lawsuits that you're applying for and your forms tab where you can see all the forms that you've already filled out. >> Okay. I mean, that's a really cool idea for an app. I think anybody watching this right now probably wants to go on there and check and see if they're owed any money from these class action lawsuits. What is it about this app that really makes it work? Why do you think it did 0 to 20k a month so fast? >> I think the value proposition for this app is just very obvious. There's some core things that all people want. They want to be healthier. They want to make more money. They want to look attractive. All sorts of things like this. I like to make apps that tap into these core human desires. And I think that anybody that wants to build apps should be doing the same. And this one plays into people want to make more money. So, it's very easy for people to invest money into an app that they know will make them more money. >> Okay. Okay, I want to change topics a little bit and understand how you built this app. What tech stack do you use and what tools do you use to run this business? >> I use Figma for UI design, app store screenshots, and making the app icon. I use Mixpanel for analytics. I use Claude Code for vibe coding. For the more technical stuff, I'll use Nex.js and TypeScript for my website and backend. I use Versell for hosting. I use GitHub for version control as well as making it easier to host. I use Expo for crossplatform build management. And I use Revenue Cap for subscription analytics and pricing testing. >> Okay, cool. Thanks for sharing. That's a pretty simple stack you got there. I like that. The last question that I have for you that I ask everyone who comes on to Starter Story. What advice would you have for anyone watching this that wants to build apps like you? You've built a bunch of successful stuff. You built some failed things. What would be your number one piece of advice on getting started today? >> My number one piece of advice would be to build something simple with a great onboarding. A simple app can make lots of money. You only really need one to three good features and your onboarding will pull most of the weight for you. >> All right. Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Connor, for coming on. I love what you built. Amazing stuff you shared here. Thanks for coming on and sharing everything. >> Yeah, thanks for having me. >> All right. I want to thank Connor for coming on to the channel. I hope this video finally gives you the proof that you can build apps in a matter of weeks that grow really, really fast. This video was the playbook here on how to do it. And we're showing you the real actual app that he did it with. If you're ready to launch your app, then definitely check out Starter Story [music] Build. We will help take your idea, turn it into a real app, get it in front of real people using only AI tools. If you're ready to get off the sidelines and launch, head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. I promise you won't regret it. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 9WWvLj-NqEE =====
TITLE: My 2 apps made $1.5M
DURATION: 883.0
TRANSCRIPT:
Within the last 12 months, I've built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. >> This is Kletchi, a 22-year-old from Nigeria who moved to the US with nothing but a dream to build a business. >> You know, I moved to the US with literally only $100 my name >> with his back against the wall in just a few months to prove himself. Kletchi built two apps that changed his life. >> Today, my apps have been downloaded over 700,000 [music] times across the App Store and Play Store. >> His secret sauce, distribution. But it's not SEO and it's not Tik Tok. It's something a little different. >> Here's what I think most people don't understand about mobile apps. >> By using the strategy, he was able to get millions of eyeballs on his idea virtually for free. I brought Kletchi onto the channel to break down exactly how he did it. And in this video, we'll dive into his two apps that made over a million dollars, his secret distribution strategy you've probably never heard of before, and his playbook on how he'd start over from scratch today. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Kleti, to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, I'm Kishi. Within the last 12 months, I built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. So, the first one is Social Wizard, and the second one is called Clin. I saw a guy on X talking about how he made a million dollars a month from an app. And right then was when I decided I was going to start building apps. >> Okay. Before we get into the apps that you built, I just want to understand some of the numbers behind this. You've done 1.5 million in revenue. What are these apps and what are some of the numbers behind them? >> Um, so we first launched in, you know, early 2024. I launched my first app and, uh, we went extremely viral. Quickly scaled to about $60,000 a month. Today, we've done over 600,000 downloads. Eventually, after some time, I put that business on autopilot and I launched my second app. And, uh, we hit about 10K in revenue within 2 weeks. and about 4 months later ended up exiting that to a UK based company. >> Okay, cool. I want to dig in a little bit into your first app, the first app that you built, the one that made nearly a million dollars. How did you actually find the idea for this app? >> The concept really came from my first app and it was basically a social application where people shared, you know, pictures in groups. It was called Casp. It grew to a few thousand users and over 20,000 pictures were posted on the app, but I mean eventually failed. And there was one particular girl on the app, you know, she would post all these really personal pictures about herself. I'll see her cooking. I'll see her, you know, working. I'll see her in class. And eventually, I became interested in this girl. And we started texting for a bit, but after a while, it didn't really go the way I planned. And so, I went to the app store and I searched up advice, life advice. I didn't really see any apps that could help me. And so, around this time, this was when OpenAI was really going heavy with the LLMs and I just whipped up like a script and I would get like lines to like text this girl. So, it wasn't even a product, it wasn't an app, it was just some back end I was playing around with. It was a script on NestJS that I had built. Eventually, my friends invited me to homecoming. I gave a few [music] people the app to play around with. And this was probably the first time that my high school friends cared about anything I was working on. That was when I realized that there might actually be something here. And eventually I whipped it together, polished it more, and released the app store. >> Okay, so the idea is clearly working. Your friends finally care about it. You launch into the app store, it becomes a live app. But then what I want to know is once you had the live app in the app store, how'd you grow it to make nearly a million dollars? So the first sale came in, you know, very very late January. We made about $10. I spent the next four weeks trying to crack distribution and uh eventually something stuck. You know, I figured out the viral formats. Literally 2 weeks after that happened, 3.5K in MR after 2 weeks. After 1 month, we had crossed $25,000 in MR. I think by month six, we had cash collected about $250,000. That year probably ended with about half a million cash collected. I haven't spent a dollar on marketing within the last year and we're literally still printing which is really good. >> Okay, Kletchi, so you mentioned something really important which is you cracked distribution. I want you to go deeper though. I want you to tell me how you actually cracked distribution. What was the secret sauce behind Social Wizard where there were lots of other apps that I'm sure did the same thing but didn't make nearly a million dollars like yours? >> I think distribution is really a show don't tell kind of game. With Social Wizard, people just use it for texting. Like that's the main use case that guys use it for. Everyone knows that Instagram is a [music] dating site. I think Instagram is a dating site masquerading as a social network. And we had this kind of like streamer strategy that we used to scale the app. There was a feature on social wizard where you can take the screenshots of a girl's story, put it on the app and it would generate like hints to say. That was the format that ended up going viral. But it took me a while to find that format myself. Initially I was making content myself to kind of find what was going to stick. When I found what kind of, you know, worked, then I went [music] to very, very micro streamers, very degenerate streamers. They hadn't really had any viral moments. Maybe they had some videos that had done like 100k, 200k, but I saw the edge with them because, you know, they were hitting the audience that we wanted. And uh I believe that if we worked with them and took shots with the formats that worked, we would go viral. And that's exactly what happened. So, this is an example of a collab that we did with a streamer. You know, I went to him and said, "Hey, this is the format that is working. A lot of people like to see videos like this. just recreate this. Just going to play for you so you see why this went viral and I'll tell you what we actually ended up getting from this video. >> What's this? Oh my god, look at her. >> If you want to go viral, you need to find a strategy to make the viewer pause. If your video doesn't make people pause, they're going to scroll past. And obviously, you can see why people pause on this. It starts with a very pretty girl. [music] And you know, this is literally where we integrate Social Wizard. He doesn't talk about trying to sell the app. The viewer is watching this like a regular video and he says, "Okay, it's a pretty girl. What do I say to the picture? How do I reply to the story? Everyone is probably thinking the same thing. Everyone watching this video is probably thinking, "How does he reply to this [music] story?" And let's see what he does. >> I don't know what to do. You know what? We're about to use the wizard app. Wizard app always do the trick. >> Start a conversation. I'm going add the picture of her. Flirty. All right. Cook up, please. That pink dress looks like it was made just for you. Planning on stealing any hearts tonight? I'm going to use that one. >> Boom. By this point, we've sold everyone what this product is. They don't even need to finish the clip. Distribution is always a show don't tell game. A lot of people think you need to try and sell your products, but demo what it does. Show people how it works. If they find value in it, they're going to download it. They're going to give you money and your app is going to scale. So, with this particular video, I paid this creator about $120 and the video hit 2 million views and brought in tens of thousands of dollars, which is insane [music] ROI. You can't get this on paid ad. You can't get this on UGC. And that's pretty much it. We took this format and we scaled it over and over and over and over and over again across multiple creators, multiple videos, and yeah, we just kept printing. >> One thing I love about Kletchi's story is how fast he built his apps. He had the idea, built it over just a couple weeks, and started getting users right [music] away. This is the power of what happens when you're using the right tools to build. And this is why I love today's sponsor, Emergent. Emergent is a vibe coding platform that turns your idea into a productionready app just by [music] chatting with AI. You can build full stack mobile apps with React Native, download [music] APKs to test on your phone, and deploy directly to the app store. And if you're building AI apps just like Keni, Emergent's universal LLM key gives you instant access [music] to OpenAI, Claude, and Gemini with no complex API setup required. And the best part about Emergent is [music] everything is production ready from day one. Built to handle real users and real traffic [music] without expensive rewrites. Over 1.5 million people are already building with Emergent. And their apps have hit 15 million ARR in just 3 months. If you're ready to turn your idea into a real app without the overhead, check out Emergent at the first link in the description right below. Thank you to Emergent for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. My next question for you would be if you were to start all over again knowing what you know, what would be your playbook to build a successful app right now? >> I think in 2025 product development is not enough anymore. If you don't find a way to tell people about your product, then you might as well not even build a product. Step one is I look at the niche. Is there a large volume of content already being produced in this niche? That's the first question I ask myself. And if the answer is yes, then I'll go to midsize to large creators to make [music] content. If it's no, then I would focus on making content myself. And it's very important that you don't outsource this process [music] because you want to learn as much as possible. A lot of people, they have capital and they just outsource the whole thing and they end up burning so much money and it never makes [music] any sense. Step two, produce the content. And this is where most people get it wrong. Working with creators is also a vol game, right? A lot of people reach out to five creators or 10 creators and they're like, "Ah, it's not working. It's not working." But in reality, you might have to reach out to 100 creators to get one that will work for you. But once you find a creator that is willing to work with you and you put out content with them, it's much easier to get more creators on board because then you can have that creator's video and leverage it to other creators. And all you're trying to do is make [music] clips with the creator to find what kind of works, right? A lot of people think you need to find the viral format from day one. Not really. You just need to find something that kind of works. And it's always important that you make content on Tik Tok when you're trying to find a viral format and not Instagram. It's easier to go viral on Tik Tok on new accounts compared to Instagram. create a page, start making content. I'll start with three videos a day. You know, on let's say two accounts, so you have two accounts, you're making three videos a day, maybe two on one account, one on another account. The goal here is consistency and volume. After a week or two, you scale that up to 10. You scale that [music] up to 20. A lot of people believe in this idea of virality being a luck game. But if you're putting out a 100 videos per day, that's 700 videos in a week. If one went viral, I don't think you would call that luck. You would pretty much think that you earned that. And so, when it comes to distribution, it's never luck. It's deterministic. Go full auto. Create as much volume as possible. One would stick. If you try hard enough, you're going to find out viral formats. Step three, scale. If you're working with creators, you want to work with as much as possible. You want to reproduce your content to reach out to more, more, more. The more you reach out, the easier it is to get in contact with more creators and get them pumping out the same videos. You don't have to go to creators that are directly in your space. They could be adjacent. I'll give you an example. For Social Widget, for example, these micro streamers that we work with, none of them were really making content for [music] our space about social skills. It was kind of a lot of different things. They were making content about Fortnite, you know, people breaking into McDonald's, [music] just crazy stuff. They were reacting to videos, but again, they were hitting our audience and there was a lot of potential I saw with them being able to create content. If you're building an app that is in health and fitness, you could go to cooking creators. You don't have to go to creators who are directly in your niche, and if you try hard enough, you'll find something that will stick. >> Okay, cool. I mean, that playbook is awesome. It's all about distribution. I want to go back a little bit and talk to you about ideas. You launched two very successful apps. You're a very busy guy. You probably have a bunch more ideas for things that could work. Could you share with the audience right now some of your mobile app ideas you have in 2025? >> I think the education niche is massively overlooked. I mean, right now, everyone is building apps in health and fitness and lifestyle, and that's kind of like where the craze is going today. There's so much information out there. You could build an app about how to get better at boxing, how to get better at swimming, how to even get better at persuasion. If you package it properly, I think there's a huge opportunity there. So, I think education is a really good space I think people should start looking into. >> Uh, well, we haven't really talked about it yet, but I'd love to actually see what you build. You have two apps that made $1.5 million. What are these apps? What do they do? >> So, the first one is Social Wizard. It's an AI powered application that helps guys improve their social skills. Most of the users who use the app are within the ages of 16 to 24. I guess what we're selling here is confidence, making it easier for people to [music] uh reply to the DMs they get. For this app, we monetize through subscriptions. It's a weekly subscription about $10 a [music] week. We have a monthly about 20 bucks and there is a yearly for about 80. And the second one is called Clean Eats. Very simple. It's an app in health and fitness. You scan the barcode of a food product and will tell you how it affects your skin or your weights. Most of the users who use this are [music] women within the ages of 18 to say about 28 is the core market. One thing I'll say app founders need to do is when you look at your products, try to extrapolate what you're actually selling. Because when you're looking at cleans, you can say we're trying to sell this healthy [music] alternatives to products, but what is the purpose of being healthy? What is that going to get me? But if you tell me, hey, don't eat this food product cuz it's going to mess up my skin. I am not going to touch it. I think for both apps, really what we're selling was confidence. >> Okay, let's switch topics here. You built these apps yourself. What's the tech stack? How do you build apps, >> right? So for me, I'm a React Native guy. With all these tools today like charge, it's very, very [music] easy to build a very performative app with React Native. For back end, I love NJS. [music] You can deploy that anywhere. Render Heroku, it doesn't really matter as long as the server works. Database, Firebase [music] is my go-to. Very simple, highly scalable, very affordable. And analytics, we just use Mixpanel. Always optimize for a stack that would get your product out there as soon as possible and is highly scalable. >> And on that same note, I want to understand a little bit about the cost to run a business like this. What are the margins like for a solarreneur running multiple apps? For Social Wizard, most of the expenses was really marketing. You know, after Apple takes their cuts, profit margins are really over 90%. Because there wasn't really much we're spending money on. So, every month, we only spend like 1 to maybe 2K on infrastructure cost. These apps barely cost anything to run. You're going to end up spending like 90% of your budgets on marketing. [music] If you do it properly, the cash flow is insane. >> Okay. Well, thank you for sharing that, being transparent about those numbers. The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could stand on Young Kletchi shoulders before Social Wizard, what would be your advice? Or to anyone who's watching this that wants to build apps, what would you tell them? >> You're not crazy for being extremely obsessed with your goals. You're [music] not weird if you choose not to go out on the weekends because building is all you love to do. And this is something I heard from Alex Mozi. To be exceptional, by definition, you have to be the exception. And I think that's okay. >> That's great advice. Thank you Kletchi for coming on sharing this. Congrats on your success. Two very successful apps. I know people watching this will be inspired. Thank you for coming on. >> Thank you for having me Pat. >> Okay. Thank you to Kletchi for coming on to the channel. I especially liked what he said at the end there about what tech stack to use. [music] Keep it simple. Build stuff that solves problems and focus on distribution. But in order to do that, you need to actually build something. And what better [music] than to build it with all these AI coding tools that are taking off and allowing you to build apps [music] in days. This is why we launched Starter Story Build, which is our program where in just a couple weeks we will show you how to use AI to build anything you [music] want. So whether you want to launch a mobile app or a microsass, Starter Story Build can help you get there. Just head to the link in the [music] description to check out Starter Story Build. I think you're going to love it. All right, that's it for this episode, guys. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO T5zMsTw8GWQ =====
TITLE: How I built a $30K/month mobile app
DURATION: 891.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My app has been downloaded 5 million times and I did it all by myself. >> This is John Makavoy, a gentleman from Scotland who taught himself how to code and built [music] something incredible. >> I had a problem I needed to solve, so I built it. >> But here's what's even crazier. His app has been downloaded over 5 million times thanks to one simple strategy that costs him $0. >> App Store optimization, it's really just about research and patience. >> I asked John to come on to the channel and he shared everything. And in this video, we'll go over the app that makes him $30,000 a month. His advice for finding great app ideas and the simple and free strategy that helped him hit 5 million downloads. All right, this one's going to be fun. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Okay, welcome John from Scotland. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> I built an app called Mumigo. It is a bus and train tracking app. It covers over 160 cities. So, it's been downloaded about just over 5 million times so far since 2017. I did it all solo with no previous developer experience. >> Okay, John. I mean, you're one guy who built an app that's used by millions of people. I think that's crazy. Can you share some of the numbers behind this app, behind what you built? >> Yeah. So, right now it's around $30,000 monthly recurring revenue. Pretty much all of that subscription based. Total number of downloads is around 5.2 million at the moment. The monthly active users is around 400,000 with around 75,000 ratings so far. >> All right. I mean, that's crazy. You did this without developer experience. Can you tell me a little bit more about your background and how you even got to a point where you could build an app like this? >> Yeah, so I started my career in graphic design and as I started my career more and more I was a bit just more curious about development. So, JavaScript, backend systems, databases. It's just this curiosity about being able to make something out of nothing, creating software that just works and could be used by so many people. >> That's amazing. It reminds me of my story. Just it's so cool to build something and know that someone out there in the world is using it. Let's fast forward a little bit to the app that you actually built. How did you even get the idea for an app like this? >> At the time, I was working for a bus company in Edinburgh in Scotland. I wanted a way to see where the a bus was on a map. Uber had just come out. It was such a a thrill to be able to see a taxi coming along a map towards you. And I wanted to have the same experience waiting for a bus. I wanted something that would allow me to finish having my coffee in the morning without having to stand at a bus stop for 10 20 minutes in the [music] rain. And that was the initial idea behind the app. For any developer, any idea you have has to be something that you a problem that you yourself have and if it works for you, there's a good chance it'll work for lots of other people. >> Okay. So, you mentioned you came from a designer background and you essentially taught yourself how to code your your sort of self-taught. So, tell me about how you actually built this thing. What was the build journey to turn basically no coding knowledge into a pretty pretty legit complicated app? First of all, I started off with just creating designs in Illustrator. And once that was done, I started chipping away bit by [music] bit at the development side. At this point, I didn't have any experience with smartphone app development. [music] I turned to some of some of my coding experience in the past for websites. And so, the first few versions of the app were built in Zamarind that uses car.net. That's what I was comfortable with at the time. It was a really tough process because the paradigm of creating an iOS and Android app is so different from creating a website. It was, you know, months of building, failing, tweaking, and once it [music] was launched, I was able to spend some time making the code better because it was a mess. At this point, Swift had been around for a few years, and Flutter had just just been released. So, I took a few months to rebuild the app in native Swift on iOS. And because of the way the app works with maps and sliding panels, Flutter was perfect. So was able to rebuild very quickly [music] within two or three months. >> Cool. Well, nowadays you can pretty much do all that with AI tools in uh in three days. Uh which is funny to look back at how much really had to go into building apps. When we chatted earlier, you let me know about this one thing that really took your app to the next level. Can you tell me what that was? >> Yeah, it's it's called app store optimization. And this is the process [music] of finding specific phrases that people are searching for and including those in your app title, subtitle, and keyword list in order that when people search that sentence, that phrase, your app comes up first. >> Okay. App store optimization. Can you break down what actually worked for you, how you got your app used by millions of people for essentially free? Can you give me this playbook right now? >> Okay. With app store optimization, there are three basic steps. Step one, you want to find, in this [music] case, location specific keywords, things like New York subway, Chicago train. Add those to the title and metadata of the app. That will start process of the appearing in searches for those specific keywords. But it wasn't until I did some research that growth really happened. First of all, I can see that different cities use different terminology. So, for example, in New York, you've got the MTA subway. In Chicago, you have the CTA L train. Once I started adding these kind of keywords, [music] I found that downloads increased substantially. At the same time, also updated screenshots, so they're much more locationsp specific. So each localization would have its own set of screenshots to hone in on the fact that this app works for where you are right now. The next step was to use other localizations. So, for example, if you were to add keywords to Mexican Spanish, those same keywords would be indexed for the US app store and have the same weight as [music] the native US English localization. Step two was to find more keywords that worked. You have two choices. You can use Apple Search Ads, start testing a few keywords at a time to see which ones convert, or using the app store itself. Search for terms, keywords, and phrases around what your app does by typing in the first few characters into search. You'll see a list come up, and most people when you start typing, we'll see the list appear and tap on the first or second entry. So, by looking at those lists, I was able to determine what are the most high impact keywords people are searching for. And the best thing about this is is because they are very specific, they don't have a huge popularity. So by targeting those keywords specifically in the right place at the right time, you can quite easily get into [music] the top five for a keyword. And step three, asking for ratings within the [music] app. At this point, you should be at the top 10 for the keywords you're looking to target. If an app wants to get to number one, it needs ratings [music] coming in all the time. You need to have golden moments where you can ask for a rating. This case, it could be when you tap on a stop and see a live tracking of a bus or train. you can actually see it moving on the map. That's a great moment to ask the customer for a rating where the customer is most likely to respond positively. If you can get those ratings coming in, your app will rise organically to the top for all the keywords that you're targeting. >> Now, here's something I love about John's story. John didn't just build a cool app. He built a real business. That means dealing with taxes, bookkeeping, and all the admin stuff that has nothing to do with actually building. So many solo founders like John trip up on this part [music] and put it off until it becomes a mess. Well, that's where Doula comes in. Doula helps you set up your LLC, handle your bookkeeping, and stay tax compliant all in one place. It's basically like having an ops team without the overhead. They don't just hand you a checklist and leave you to figure it all out. They actually stick with you and make sure you're set up for success from day [music] one. Thousands of entrepreneurs in over 175 countries use Doula because it actually works. [music] So, let Doula handle the boring stuff for you so you can focus on what actually matters in building your business. If you're starting something right now, just head to the first link in the description and use code starter [music] story for 10% off. Thank you to Doula for supporting the channel. All right, let's get back to the story. Let's switch topics a little bit to the growth of an app like this. I really want to understand what it takes to grow an app like yours from zero to $30,000 a month. Can you walk me through kind of the journey there? >> For the first couple of years, more and more downloads were coming in and I started to monetize using banner ads. It was making around say $8,000 a month, but then the pandemic hit and suddenly my ad revenue just disappeared. [music] I knew I needed to pivot quickly. At this point, subscriptions were becoming more mainstream. So I rebuilt the app with subscriptions in mind with premium features that would entice people to pay on an annual basis. In August 2020 that new update was released and over the next year it grew and grew and eventually replaced the missing ad revenue. But in 2021 this is when the real growth happened because finally started to use AB testing. I started creating different pay walls to see which one performed better. And over the course of maybe two or three months with maybe 10 experiments, I was able to increase the conversion rate from 0.5% all the way up to 8%. Just by optimizing the onboarding and pay wall, and suddenly growth skyrocketed, going from around 8K a month to over $30,000. Okay, John, I would love to actually see your app. Would you be able to give us a quick demo of what your app actually does? I'd also love if you showed us this kind of onboarding payw wall thing that you mentioned sort of changed the business as well when you made that big pivot. Could you show us the app? >> Okay, this is uh the first launch of the app and it's really designed to very quickly show the value of the app because most people who are downloading and installing the app are doing so at a bus stop or a train station. So, it's no time for a a 20 screen onboarding. First of all, quickly ask for your location cuz that's one of the most important permissions for this app. And then shows you a few kind of screens about what you're going to get from this app. Not just bus tracking, but all the extra features. And this is kind of setting it up for the pay walls to come. It kind of shows a bit of social proof, right? It says [music] join millions, saving time. And this gets a customer prepared. And that is the pay wall itself. It's got three different options. 7-day [music] free trial for a yearly plan. You have a weekly plan for a low commitment. And for people who just don't like subscriptions, you've got a lifetime plan. [music] Now, the great thing here is after a lot of experimentation, what I've found is a real unlock is for people who just tap on the close button. The app starts at a reverse trial. So, if I close it just now, it says enjoy a week of pro on us. And now you have 7 days free trial of all the pro features starts without you having to pay or without you having to make any kind of commitment. At this [music] point, you got a few screens showing what you get from Pro, showing off all all the all the little details. Finally, you're in the app. And now can see everything around me. I can just uh move around the map. And I've just choose a little bus stop here. And what I can do here is I can just tap on the departure. And this is real magic moment. This is where you can actually see the bus on the map. It's moving. And if I tap on go, it will turn on trip assist. [music] And then at that point, it won't just track where I am. I've got machine learning set up on the server that will keep track of my what's happening up ahead on my journey. So if if there's a train or bus that's delayed or I'm going to miss a connection, the server would know and send me a notification and offer me an alternative route. And that's the real kind of magic of the app. >> All right. Well, the other question I have for you is what is this built on? Like what what tech and what stack is this app built on? Right now >> with this app, I go for old and boring. Laravel PHP for the back end and for all kind of marketing materials the kind of UI of the app graphics it's just Adobe creative suite I use Lotty quite a lot for things like animations I would create an animation in After Effects and convert it into Lotty for inclusion within the app for ASO research I tend to go for app figures revenue cut is fantastic for subscription management and the biggest unlock for me is using event analytics I use mix panel I use Cloudflare for a kind of geographic load balancer [music] and that costs around $90 a month. I do use chat GPT for pretty much everything and that's around $20 a month. >> On that same note, could you also share some of the costs to run this business? I understand you're just one guy running it here. What are some of the tools you're paying for? What are the margins look like on this? >> The biggest cost for me are servers. So, I run about 20 dedicated servers. That costs around $2,500 a month. But various get thirdparty APIs like mapping. That's why $1,000 a month. >> Okay, last question that we ask everyone who comes on the Starter Story channel. If you could stand on John's shoulders when you're just starting out, back when you're a graphic designer, or for anyone watching this right now, what would be your advice for anyone starting a mobile app like you in 2025? >> Two things. Number one, you need to solve a problem that you have because when you're working [music] nights and weekends, you're hitting walls all the time. you need something to keep you going. And solving your own problem is probably the best way to get past that block each time. And secondly, for the first couple of years, I was relying on kind of vanity metrics to see how well I was doing things like monthly active users. That wasn't really moving the needle. It was only when I moved to eventbased analytics that growth really happened. Being able to set up AB tests for different pay walls to see which one is more effective by trusting the data that you get from these kind of analytics, you will have a much better idea of who your customers are and what they want. >> All right. Well, that was great advice. Thank you for sharing that, John. What you built is awesome. I think it's amazing that you built something by yourself that's used by millions of people. I think it's amazing. So, thanks for coming on, sharing everything, especially all that cool stuff about app store optimization. Thanks for coming on. >> It's been my pleasure. Thanks to John for coming on to the channel and sharing his strategy. I think it's insane that someone like John from Scotland can come up with an idea, build it, and then 5 [music] million people can use it and love it and it can make money. That's just amazing. That's what Starter Story is all about. And this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build, where we will help you take your idea and turn it into a real app [music] using only AI tools. So, if you're ready to launch your project just like John did, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO plrni3IBEyI =====
TITLE: I made $1M flipping apps
DURATION: 661.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I made $1 million building and selling apps using this five-step strategy. >> Meet Dominica. While working a 9 toive job, he set out on a challenge to build and sell a new app every 30 days. >> So, I started a challenge where I just build, scale, and sell projects. >> And fast forward 3 years, Dom had quit his 9-5, sold seven different apps, and even exited one of the apps for over seven figures. I think the secret to building a successful app is >> So today I brought Dom onto the channel to break down his five-step process for building, scaling, and selling an app. How he shipped a new project every month while working a full-time job and his method to get users without writing a single line of code. If you're looking to build on the side, this one is a mustwatch. Let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Dominico, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Thanks, Pat. I'm Dom, and I built and sold six Microsoft projects while working a full-time job. Then applied the same strategy to subgen, and we grow it from 20K R to half million RR in 3 months, selling it for nearly a three times multiple of RR. >> Well, before we get into all these businesses you built and sold, which I think is really cool, I just like to get a little bit of a background on you. What's your timeline? How do you get up to this point? >> Yeah, sure. Between 2017 and 2019, I tried to launch different projects and small startups while enrolled at university. I studied economics. Then in 2019, I launched my first physical business in the micromobility field. Then I had a co-ounder BOP and then I left it. Then I worked for different companies as a full-time employee as an analyst role. My main goal has always been to start something from scratch, my own project or my own business and work for something that was bigger than the traditional 9 to5 job. I've always used these side projects to escape from the 9 to5 and try to reach something different. >> All right. So you're in this job, you want to do something bigger. So you decide to do the build and sell challenge. Can you tell me a little bit more about what that was? What were the rules or the idea behind the challenge and what you built during that challenge? >> Yeah, sure. So the build and sell challenge was really simple. You needed to launch, validate and sell micro business in 30 days. The first product was pitch 2.0 uh pitch deck generator. I worked only for 45 days on this project. I made $300 and then we decided to sell it for $2,500. I thought this is the challenge. This is the fast execution you can apply, you know, to the products. So let's try to do the same the same the same month after month. Then the second product we launched was onetap.aii. Oneup.ai was I would say very simple Excel formula generator. So you just needed to type in plain English what you want to do on Excel and the tool was going to give you know the exact formula to use in your spreadsheet. In this case we made like almost $7,000 and we sold it for almost $25k after 3 months. Then we launched your cover letter.com and we sold it for 7K after 40 days. Very interesting product because you could generate a cover letter based on the job application. Then we worked on recapg.com an AI summarizer. So basically you could summarize whatever you want YouTube videos, presentation, docs and we sold it for 34k of dollars after 6 months. Then we had quitsbot.io. So basically you could generate based on a doc or on a website was not so successful. We made 1k and we sold it after three months for 5k. The last product was a webdesigner.io. You could generate a landing page by just prompting. We made 1.2k and we sold it after 3 months for 12k in that case. And then we got softgen.ai. So soften.ai AI was all the first AI by coding apps and we grew it from 20K R to half million RR and then we sold it after 3 months. Yeah. >> Wow. I mean that's amazing. Could you break down your framework for anyone watching on how to think about building and selling apps right now? >> Yeah, sure. The first step is of course you need to set your goals. Do you want to sell it in 3 months, 6 months or more? So this is important because it defines of course your product road map development, your needs and how fast you need to go. Start with of course defining what you want to do with your product. The step two is the validation stage. I usually validated product by using a single landing page builder named yep.so. My only goal was you know to distribute the landing page on my ex channel collect emails from interested people and use the building public strategy. I usually consider like a 15% of conversion rate on my landing page as a good bath. Then we have the step three which is the building stage. So once it's validated I can start building the product with I call it the feedback loop approach. So in this case you need to build one key feature. You need to send the product link to the first batch of users who left the emails on the landing page you built. You can ask the feedback and based on that you can improve the product and relaunch it. So it's going to be you know a sort of loop of build feedback edit and rebuild feedback endit. The step four of course is the growth. So you need to grow your product. One key strategy here I've always applied to the organic growth has been the building public strategy as mentioned before. And then the last step is the selling stage. You need to package you know the business as an asset someone else can run. The most important thing buyers want to want to know are error, gross margins, average revenue per user, lifetime value, customer acquisition cost, turn rate. So these are all key values and you should always work on getting the best as possible here. >> All right, Pat from the future here. We're putting the finishing touches on this video and I just love the specific steps that Dom is sharing to go from an idea to a bank wire from the buyer. The key here is to ship fast. And if that's something you're struggling with, well, I have something for you. We just launched something called Starter Story Build. It's a program where you will learn how to use AI to build and launch a project to the real world. And the best part is that you don't need to have any coding experience. We'll give you the right prompts to use so that AI does the work for you. If you're actually ready to build and launch your product, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back into Dom story. When you look back at the projects you built, what was the difference maker? What was the trend in the really, really valuable stuff? and the stuff that didn't really pan out. One interesting point here regarding the products I sold is that everything started from I would say X like all the projects were based on trends and you know sentiment analysis I would say I code on X the main difference between the projects is based on the trend you were running and the moment so basically the timing you know that's the main difference >> my other question that I have for you is around building with a full-time job you mentioned that you had a full-time job you were working a 9 to5 I've how did you work on your projects and when did you decide to quit your job and go all in on this? I started before all these side projects while working full-time and I was you know looking for something different from the mass to just quit my job and that was basically so I quit my job as soon as I understood that subjen could be really really interesting while working 9 to5 I organized everything in my calendar so I use different technique I would say the most useful one is the pomodoro technique where you break your work into focused intervals and typically 25 minutes followed by very short breaks. That was one of the most important techniques I used. >> All right, let's move topics a little bit. Could you walk me through what your tech stack looks like right now and what tools you use to build your businesses? >> The first projects we built using bubble for a very quick development. Then we had the cobotsai.com which is a jaw rush product. Then we have store for example for all the coding part. Then we use for mail trap for marketing, futurebase for the public road map, hunter.io for the outreach strategy, make ugc.ai for the UGC creators, hatio.com for the CRM, stripe for the financial services, tiny adz.com, this is for running smart advertising campaigns, creator.io, this is useful if you want to start marketing campaign with influencers. Leit.co for the Reddit marketing. Suna.o So for general agent tasks, these are the main tools I've been using for the past 3 years. >> Well, thanks for sharing that. Could you tell me a little bit more about you know what the next step looks like for you? >> Yeah, so right now I'm working on a setup named Cortex.ai. Cortex is enabling the migration from human to AI workforce. When I answer the question how we can go into a company and automate up to 80% of the manual, the mundane and the ordinary tasks that humans do today. The last question that I have for you and what we ask everyone who comes on to the channel, if you could stand on young Dominico's shoulders when you're working that 9 to5, what would be your advice? >> My advice here is the most important thing today, adapt yourself to different situations and even change perspective if necessary. This is an old story. Back in 2024, I was almost ready to quit my job. I was ready to jump into another company. I already signed everything. So I signed the new contract, left the house where I was staying. They they called me and they said, "Hey Dom, I'm sorry but we had a financial problem and we are not able to hire you." In this case, the event of course was a negative event. But I changed my perspective and said myself, okay, maybe this is the right time, the right opportunity to jump into something different that was subject. So from a negative, of course, to a positive perspective. That's my advice to all the young founders here. I think what you built is amazing and I'm really excited what you're building now over in SF. Thanks for coming on the channel. Looking forward to seeing what you do. >> Thanks for having me. But >> I want to thank Dom for coming on to the channel. It's stories like this where someone changes their life completely by taking action on their dream even while working 9 to5. These always inspire me. If you're looking to do something similar, then definitely check out Starter Story Build. It's our program where we will help you find an idea, build it with AI, and ship it to the real world. In just a few days, you'll go from wanting to build something to actually building it, even if you have a full-time job like Dom did. Just head to the first link in the description to learn more about what we're doing at Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for the episode. Thank you guys for watching. Let me know in the comments what you think, what you want me to cover next. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 4BsxnGRbF4k =====
TITLE: I Found a Business for Sale and Rebuilt It Into $20K/Month
DURATION: 773.0
TRANSCRIPT:
The number one question I get is, "How do I come up with a good business idea?" But the truth is, you don't have to. And this video is proof. Meet Adrian, a solo developer from Austin who had a different approach. I copied a successful app and now it makes me $20,000 a month. >> A year ago, he saw a successful app for sale, but instead of buying it, he rebuilt it himself and now it makes $20,000 a month. >> If something is working, you have a moral obligation to copy it. I invited Adrian onto the channel to share exactly how he did it, including the specific platform he used to find proven ideas, his method to validate if an idea is worth copying, and the playbook he would use if he had to start over again today. If you've been looking for the right business idea, this episode might change everything for you. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Adrian, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hey, my name is Adrian. I'm a soloreneur. I built a SAS to 20K a month. And I found this idea not by coming up with something new, but rather I copied a successful app I found on an online business brokerage and built it myself. >> Okay, cool. So, you built this API doing $20,000 a month. Can you share a little bit more about some of the numbers behind it? >> Sure. Yeah, so monthly revenue is about 20,000 a month right now. And it is a credit based model. So you just pay for credits and then use them. There's no subscription. So right now we have 600 people who have paid but aren't necessarily paying on a regular basis. We do almost like 20 million API requests a month right now. >> Okay, cool. Before we get into how you found this idea and kind of the genius way that I think you did it. I do want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you get to the point where you build a SAS like this? >> So I moved to SF wanting to be a part of tech, learn how to code at this program called App Academy. It was a code boot camp. Then got a job in Utah as an engineer for 3 years, always with the goal of starting my own business. Then quit with $30,000 in savings and then freelanced, built a course, built some products, but didn't have success until I stuck with this one thing, which was scrape creators. And then here we are now. All right, Adrian, what I love about your story is how you came up with this idea and how you validated that this was something that was worth building. Before we get into all that, can you share how you even come across the idea to build a web scraping API? >> Absolutely. One of my followers on Twitter actually DM'd me telling me to check out this listing for Micro Acquire or Acquire.com. And it was a scraping API. And the reason that he DM' me that is because I already had a product that had to do with social media. So, he thought that I might be interested in checking it out. Once I did, I saw the numbers and was completely blown away. I had no confidence myself that a scraping API could make that much money. the fact that they were only getting their customers through SEO. I thought this is the product for me. I'm going to do this exact same thing. >> Okay. So, you see this idea on Micro Acquire, which lists business for sale. You can kind of see how much money is making or how much the business is worth. How do you know that this is something that you could replicate and could potentially be successful? >> Well, a couple of different things. One, I had this skill set because I had been studying scraping for 3 years. So, I had already kind of built those APIs that were hosted on this website. So technically, I had the confidence that I could build it. And then the reason that I thought I could make money off of it was because they were doing 30,000 monthly recurring. They were around for 3 years, only got their customers from SEO, and they had less than 100 customers. So doing that math in my head, I was like, I could probably do that. And I have a little bit of a presence on Twitter. So even if I just message people on Twitter, I probably could get there even without SEO. >> Okay, cool. Well, you find this idea. You think that is something that you could potentially replicate. How do you go about building this? >> So I am a NodeJS developer. Everything is written in JavaScript. So really it was just a matter of hosting the APIs like on a server. So I had them all in one of my repos. So put those scrapers on a Node.js server on render.com. So then hosted the API there. For the documentation, I just put that actually in a notion doc and then a basic website and then that was it. So, it was pretty uh bare bones and it probably took uh just a couple of weeks because I had built that experience and those scrapers for my previous three years of experience and got my first customer a few weeks later. Okay. So, you build this, you get your first customer pretty quickly. I think a lot of people watching this may be similar to you software developer. They have the skills to build something like this. But the hard part is getting customers, growing, scaling this and replicating what this business that you sort of cloned had already done. So, how did you grow this business? How did you get customers? >> Uh, I hang out on Twitter a lot, so people see me there. People have seen my content. My first customer was just because I scraped a company's site and then the CTO actually commented on that post. So, completely accident. And then also, anytime someone has a launch video that has anything to do with scraping social media, then I comment saying, "Hey, I'll give you 10K free credits if you'll try my API." But the great thing about a scraping API also is that you don't have to have a lot of customers to have a decent MR. So I have maybe like 12 who pay for the majority of that MR. >> I love Adrian's strategy for copying successful apps. But here's the thing, he didn't just copy the idea. He got creative and made his idea 1% better than the rest. Nowadays, this creative edge is what separates winners from everyone else. And this is where the HubSpot for Startups Creative AI use cases database comes in handy. It's a free database with over 100 creative ways to use AI in your business. These aren't the obvious AI apps that everyone's already building. These are the creative uses your competitors haven't discovered yet that can give you an unfair advantage. My favorite part is the fact that they break down the list by difficulty, business impact, and even steps on how to get started with which tools. Just find the one that resonates with you and run with it. So, if you're ready to join Adrian and start your own SAS business, then download the free AI differentiation database at the first link right below in the description. Thank you to HubSpot for Startups for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back into it. I want to understand a little bit more about this framework. If you were to start over today in 2025 and go to Microacquire and find another idea, how would you do that? For people watching, can you break it down step by step? All right, this will be my playbook if I was doing this again. Step one, you're going to visit the micro acquire marketplace. Step two, filter by SAS. And then step three, filter by asking price. So, we're not looking for apps that aren't making any money. That's not great. We're looking for pre-validated ideas. So, increase that asking price to at least 300,000 or you can filter by annual recurring revenue, whatever you want. All right, step four. You're going to look for things that you would be good at or a market that you would know about. For example, I knew I wanted to build a product that had something to do with web scraping. That was my niche. I was niching down for that. You would want to build a product that you have some sort of knowledge about. All right, step five. We're going to try to find the website. Obviously, on Microquire, they don't list what the website is, but we're going to reverse engineer and try to find the actual website. So, a lot of these SAS businesses are really easy to find because you can just Google what they have in their listing. So in the title or description, you can just Google part of that and usually they're using like their title or H1 or description actually in the micro acquire description. So it's pretty easy to find or they actually list competitors if you scroll down. So all you have to do a lot of times the website will write blog posts or pages that will say competitor name and then alternative. So all you need to Google is the competitor and then alternative or alternatives. One of those two ways will get you to the site and then you can just view the site and see if the copy is similar. Then boom, you got the site. All right, step six. Try to reverse engineer how they acquired customers. This is arguably the most important part. Not so hard to build the product, but how are they getting customers? So, for example, the app that I was copying, I knew that they got their customers mostly from SEO. Read everything that you can on the site, any information that they talk about how they're acquiring customers. Try to look up like the founder on Twitter, LinkedIn. Try to find podcasts or YouTube videos, any way that they talk about the product or how to grow the product. Step seven, actually build the damn thing. Step eight, yeah, this is just don't copy word for word. Don't copy everything literally exactly. You just want to copy the concept, the idea. Step nine, don't get distracted with other projects. Do something every single day to promote or improve the product. You know that this idea is making money. So now you just have to execute. do something every single day to build the product or market it and I guarantee you will make money. You will be successful. >> Okay. Thanks Adrian for sharing that full playbook. I think that's awesome. We haven't really talked yet about what your API does specifically. You have this sort of micro SASS API. Can you just share what it does, how it works, what type of customers use it? >> Yeah, so it scrapes specifically social media that can be Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, uh and then we just scrape public data. Got to say that for the lawyers out there. We scrape social media as well as like their ad libraries as well. So the Facebook ad library, LinkedIn ad library, etc. And this obviously helps developers because scraping is a pain in the butt. So we scrape so you don't have to. We handle all the infrastructure, proxy rotation, etc. And who uses this tool is a lot of like link and bio tools. Anyone who's tracking analytics like short form content. Yeah. So it's a credit based system. So pay as you go. So we have three payment plans right now. $10 for 5,000 credits, $50 for 25,000, and then 500,000 credits for $500. I think it does well because it works. Like there's a lot of scrapers out there, like social media in particular, that break pretty often. So with mine, I think people like it because it's reliable and then if it's not reliable, then I'll communicate with people pretty frequently as well, as well as it's really easy to get a hold of me. Whereas a lot of developers who build these sort of things, you don't even have their email or a way to contact them. Um, so I think that is also helpful. >> Okay, let's change topics a little bit. I want to understand techstack. You're a developer. You have a scraping pretty technical type of product. How did you build this? What's your tech stack? >> Yeah, honestly, it's pretty straightforward, pretty easy. So everything is written in Node.js JavaScript and it's just a bunch of HTTP requests. So one important thing that I use is this package called impit. It's developed by ampify. So another scraping framework. So you npm install input use that for HTTP requests and then just a lot of proxies. So I have four main ones that I use which are Evomi core residential which are the cheapest residential out there do webshare and massive and then I host everything on render.com or I host subscripts on AWS Lambda obviously I use cursor so that's 20 bucks a month and then superbase for the database and then the front end is astro uh plus react >> and on a similar note I'm also curious what are the costs to use all these tools what does the profit margin look like for your business >> yeah margin is about 80% Most of it is spent on proxies. So about $1,500 a month right now is spent on proxies. And I hire a developer in the Philippines to monitor the API for outages at night. So he's about $500. And then server costs are about $400. Okay, cool. Thank you for sharing that. Thank you for being transparent about all that. That's awesome. Last question that I want to ask. We ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, what would be your advice for anyone watching this starting out in 2025 about how to do something like you've done? Stop bouncing around ideas and just pick one thing. Do it every single day. Focus on it every single day and you'll make it. Stop getting distracted because that's exactly what happened to me. >> Cool. That's amazing. Adrian, thank you for coming on. Thank you for sharing all this, being super transparent. I love the business you built. Thanks for coming on and sharing everything. >> Thanks, man. Appreciate it. >> Big thanks to Adrian for coming on to the channel. I love his story because it flips the startup myth on its head. Adrien didn't need to invent something brand new. He just saw a model. He copied it and he executed better and that turned into a SAS that makes $20,000 a month and effectively changed his life. I think the lesson that anyone can take from this is stop waiting for that genius idea. Just start, build, and keep improving. And you never know what might happen. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build, where we will show you how to take your idea, use AI to build it fast, and launch in just a couple weeks. Even if you're starting with no team, no money, and no clear idea, if you want to finally build your first app, launch it, and potentially turn it into a profitable business, well, head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. That's it for this episode, guys. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 88BbTpbWVpY =====
TITLE: I rebuilt a $1B app and now make $14K/month
DURATION: 865.0
TRANSCRIPT:
When I heard Skype was shutting down, I saw an opportunity. >> This is Dennis, a self-taught developer who came across a golden opportunity, a tweet. When I saw the tweet, I thought, why not me? >> Right after seeing this tweet, he got to work. He built a prototype in a weekend and got his first paying customers almost immediately. >> After I did this, I got my first sale in minutes. In just 7 months, he went from nothing to a $14,000 per month app. And he's just getting started. I brought Dennis onto the channel to break down exactly how he did this. And in this video, we'll dive into how he built his MVP in just one weekend, his exact Reddit launch strategy that got him sales in minutes, and his playbook on how you can do exactly the same thing if you build apps in proven markets. This story is amazing, and I'm excited to share it with you guys. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Dennis, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hello, my name is Dennis. I built Yaphone. It makes $14,000 a month. I launched it in March 2025, days after Microsoft announced that it was closing Skype. And in under 7 months, we've gone from zero customers to 10,000 registered users. >> Okay. 7 months to get to 14,000 MR is insane. Can you share some more of the numbers behind this very fast growth? >> So, in the first month when we just launched, the other phone made $4,000. Two months three, we've climbed to $10,800. And last month, so on the 6 months of the existence of Yodafone, it made $13,300. In these 7 months, in total, we reached more than 10,000 registered users. 4,500 became paying individual customers. And as we also have a B2B segment, we have 20 enterprise clients. In September, Yadafhone users made in total 27,000 calls. And this statistic means that at any given moment in September, somebody was using my website to make a call. >> Okay, let's dive into this very fast growing app here. It sounds like it's something similar to Skype, but can you explain to me what Yataphone is and what type of customers use it? >> Yafone lets people make and receive cheap international calls right in browser. International calls are generally very very expensive. A 10-minute call uh could easily cost you between $50 and $100 depending on your country and provider. Yaphone solves this problem by using the voiceover IP technology. That means that you can call any mobile or London number for cents. Our clients are travelers, expats or just in general businesses that need to make a lot of calls. Yeton is a pay as you go international calling service and that really differs us from most of the other competitors out there because the others operate on a SAS model. That means that if you are an individual customer, you need to uh buy subscription that usually costs uh $30 a month or more. And if you're a business, you need to buy a seat or a subscription for each of the members of your organization. We allow businesses to just purchase a certain number of credits and then all of the organization members of this business can just use this central balance to make holes. Whenever you run out of credits, you can just top them up and that's it. Okay. Before we get into the idea and how you came up with it, I want to know a little bit more about your background. I understand you don't come from a crazy technical background. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? Uh >> I have no technical background whatsoever. I actually I'm a trained diplomat. So I used to study for diplomatic work in Russia. Then I moved to Austria. I quickly understood that I wanted to uh work in a startup as a programmer. So I taught myself how to code in two months mainly with books and courses. Then I actually started working at the company and I realized that this is not the thing for me. I want to have my own startup instead of working at somebody else's company. I started to do freelancing to support myself. At any given moment, I was working on something on the site. And my first projects, they were ugly. They had no users. Then slowly with each of them, with each of my projects, I learned one thing or the other. My design started to be better. My code started to be more reliable. With each of the projects, I just learned something new and eventually it all piled up into this set of skills that ultimately let me build the other phone. I love that you built a lot of projects and you built up a lot of skills that eventually led you to the right timing to build something that took off which ended up being Yataphone. Can you give me a little bit more details about how you found the idea for Yatafone? I travel a lot when it comes to government offices, banks, businesses, migration authorities. They are not on messenger apps. The only way to call them if you need something is physically making a call. And doing it abroad is freaking expensive. I've always been using Skype for that. I've been their loyal client. And then in March 2025, Microsoft announced that they were closing it down. Then I saw a tweet by Peter Levelvels saying that he and his friends were also using Skype and he was quite pissed that Microsoft was closing it down. He encouraged people publicly to build a Skype alternative. And I thought, why not me? Turns out I'm not the only person using Skype to make international calls, which I didn't know. And then I just built a quick prototype over the weekend. I launched it on Reddit and X and got my first sales in minutes, which never happened to me before in any of my previous projects. >> Okay. I mean, that's amazing. You saw an idea on Twitter. You had built up all these skills from all these kind of previous projects and you decided to build it. Can you go a little bit deeper on how you actually built this app? >> When I first started building my site projects, I just used React, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, regular stuff. Then Nex.js came out and it turns out that you can build stuff pretty quickly with it. So I used Nex.js as a fullstrike framework for my application. I used Corser and LMS but it doesn't always look great. So I had to correct a lot of things and tweak stuff on the design site manually. Okay. What I love about this story Dennis is that you built this tool in just one weekend. You didn't spend months planning or overthinking the idea. You had already built the skills. Now was time to just execute. You built a simple landing page and you just launched it. And this is proof that when you actually learn to build and ship, your life can change in just one weekend. And this is exactly what we do inside Starter Story Build. It's our program where you will learn how to build and launch your project using AI coding tools in just a couple weeks. The best part is that you don't even need to know how to code. You can just show up, follow our building framework, and finally ship that idea to the world. Our next AI build boot camp is starting this week. So, if you are ready to build, head to the first link in the description to claim your spot. All right, let's get back to the interview. Okay, so you mentioned that you launched this and you got users overnight. That's obviously not the case for a lot of people watching this. They've probably built stuff and that didn't happen. So, tell me the exact things you did that made this app successful so quickly. Back then, I didn't have any social media audience whatsoever. I used to have 60 followers on Twitter for years, but I knew how Reddit works. And the thing about Reddit is that you can get millions of impressions without having any followers at all. I launched products on it before I got blocked a lot, but I knew how to write stuff up, which subs to target, which tone of voice to use. So, I decided to launch primarily on Reddit. My first post was just screenshots of the core functionality of my app, which I think really made it stand out. It was a very simple and clean web dialer interface and a couple of sentences about the product. I wrote to the subreddits for travelers because I thought that this is my main core audience. I got blocked there really fast and it was quite demotivating. But before I got blocked, I had enough time for the users to see my post. The most crazy thing is that I got the first sales minutes after my first Reddit post. I've never seen anything like that before and that was a clear sign that my idea was validated. Then I started posting regularly on subreddits for entrepreneurs. A very good thing about entrepreneur subreddits is that there you can first of all showcase your project, promote your project yourself and you can also post links to your projects and you don't get blocked for this. In the first week, I got 150 users. >> Okay, so that's amazing. You post on Reddit, it got blocked, but you still got paying users. I'm curious, you had a bunch of apps that you built before. They clearly didn't have this sort of validation or traction. What do you think you did right or got right with Yataphone? I think the key thing about this idea is that it's not an idea at all. It's a validated market which was first validated with the tweet by Peter levels I saw and then by sales I got from my Reddit post and apart from that it was a combination of a very good timing because at the time Microsoft announced it was closing Skype down. People started looking for alternatives and that created a lot of virality around all posts that were connected with this kind of big news event. And the third component is that I just had enough skills at that point that I could create something that looked good, solved a real problem, and people were willing to pay for it. Okay, so that's amazing. Proven market, a little bit of timing, and you had set yourself up for success. I think that's a great recipe. That brings me to my next question. For anybody watching this, if you were to start over again, what would be your playbook to build a successful app like Yataphone right now? I would say that the first step is find a market where your competitors are dinosaurs. They are old-fashioned and slowmoving. Yaf phone is not the only app on the market that's offering international calling. I have competitors and they've been on this market for 20 some cases or 30 years. But the thing is that those kind of companies are very slow to change and to adapt to changing market conditions. Those markets have validated demand and you can get usability and design really fast, better than those old-fashioned competitors. Step two, build your MVP really fast and start posting about it everywhere on X, Reddit, LinkedIn, whatever social media you can find. Your MVP doesn't have to be perfect. Try to nail design and usability. Make sure that your core feature works well. In the case of Yodafone, that was plainly making an outbound call from the app. And make sure you have a compelling story to tell. This is especially important for Reddit because people there are really fast to scroll and they will disregard stuff that's not interesting for them. My story was of a lone engineer that was standing up to take the place of a giant company. Step three, when a big competitor leaves, they have a lot of articles still mentioning them. And that's a great chance to rank on keywords that would you would otherwise never have a chance to rank for without a high domain authority website. People think you need to be a big established company to get mentioned in high authority blog posts and articles, but this is just not true. My process was like this, and it's really simple. I looked for the keywords that I wanted to rank on, like for example, Skype alternative. Then I found the blog posts that were ranking there and tried to find the authors of those blog posts. Sometimes it was X, sometimes LinkedIn, sometimes email, but I just wrote directly to the offers asking whether they could mention Yaphone. They either agreed to add my tool, their blog post, or just replace Skype with Yaphone altogether. And this felt crazy because Yafon replaced a giant wellestablished brand name and that obviously draw a lot of traffic to my website. Step four, keep iterating. I used to text every single paying customer for 6 months asking for feedback. I just add, "Hey, I'm Dennis, the founder of Yadafone. I would be thrilled to know what you think about the app and how your experience was so far." This is timeconuming and you don't always have the energy as a founder for it. But this is immensely helpful because it helps you figure out what are user segments and who your app is serving the best. and also it's catching the bad reviews early and you have the chance to react to bad experiences with your app before people go and give you bad reviews. Step five, create a B2B app as soon as possible. Enterprise has bigger checks and much lower churn. When I started with Yathon, I thought it would be a pure B2C app for travelers and expats to call abroad. I created my enterprise plan totally by accident. A guy texted me in the middle of the night asking if Yafon has a enterprise plan for his organization. I said, "Of course we do." And to tell you secret, we didn't. I coded my enterprise plan in a panic mode through the night because the next morning I had to live life demo it in front of this customer. By the way, he is still a Yan customer paying around $1,000 for it each month. So yeah, that would be my playbook if I was starting today. Thanks for sharing that. I think that was awesome. I'm going to switch topics a little bit and I want to learn about how you built this. What's your tech stack? What kind of tech are you using to build this software? >> I use cursor for coding and also sometimes writing copy. Versell for hosting uh my solution. I duke my keyword research with hrefs and I use stripe for payments. Also with AI it's very easy to build your own custom solutions. I built my own system for handling support requests and admin panel with cursor. I catch most support requests early so that I can regulate my workflow. I can be very efficient with support and can afford to stay solo founder thanks to it. My main cost is Twilio that is handling calls and I pay them around 35% of my monthly earnings. Okay, thanks for sharing that, being transparent about the numbers. The last question that I have for you that we ask all founders who come on starter story for anyone who's watching this that wants to start something like you, a BTOC app, a SAS, anything online, what would be your advice? >> I would advise to do search engine optimization from day one and you have to be very patient with it. I think SEO is pure magic to most developers because it doesn't come naturally to us. We are used to quick feedback loops. You change something in your code editor, seconds after you see the changes taking effect uh in your local host. With SEO, it's not the case. SEO changes take weeks, sometimes even months, but it pays off immensely. My competitors started ranking better for the keywords I targeted. Even though I was first to the market, I looked at the SEO, chatted a lot with Chad GPT about it, and then it turns out it was a very small stupid detail. My site map didn't have a 3W prefix, and Google just ignored all the pages I wanted to rank. So, you have to be very attentive to details with this show. >> Okay, thanks for coming on, Dennis. I'm going to be checking my site map right after this and make sure I got that www in there. But, dude, you built an awesome business. It's insane how fast this is growing. I hope a lot of people watching enjoyed this interview and got inspired. Thanks for coming on. >> Thank you, Pat. I was glad to be here. >> Okay. Thank you to Dennis for coming on to the channel. I think this is an amazing idea because this happened in just the last 7 months. And this is proof that building in proven markets is the way to build an app in 2025. And this is why we launched Starter Story Build, which is your opportunity to learn how to use AI coding tools to build and launch fast. So when that opportunity pops up, just like it did for Dennis, you'll be ready to build. If you are ready to build and actually launch something, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO YtyJ4reSQY0 =====
TITLE: Teen From Kazakhstan Makes $1M/Year Online
DURATION: 601.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built one of the biggest design agencies in Silicon Valley and we make around $80,000 a month. This is Mark, a 19-year-old from Kazakhstan who built a million-dollar business in just 10 months. And he did it with a brilliant strategy. can actually work and can actually bring you more customers. Mark repeated this formula and went viral every time and this grew his business fast. So, I brought Mark onto the channel to break down his entire playbook and in this video we'll dive into his step-by-step free work in public formula that gets clients overnight, his exact playbook on how to go from zero to 10,000 followers fast and why following this playbook is the fastest way to build a million-dollar business. All right, I think you guys are going to like this one. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Mark, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built and what's your story. Yeah, so I'm 19. I'm from Kazakhstan. I built one of the biggest design agencies in Silicon Valley, scaled a team to 20 people and doing around $80,000 a month. All right, well, before we get into how you built this, can you just explain what your business does and what it is? Sure. So, it's a design agency and we do everything from the websites to launch videos and the Times Square billboards. We work with one of the biggest names in the eye niche such as Bolt that new, Korea AI. We working with Primer, with Wolf, with the Contra. So, the idea behind our agency is we help you to get noticed. We usually don't focus on conversions or little tweaks on the landing page. We help to make something that will go viral. Cool. Before we get into, you know, how you grew, how you built this thing, I mean, I look at your website right now, the design is amazing. How do you get into this design world and then build a pretty big company out of it? More than 5 years ago I opened the Figma for the first time and I switched from front end as developer to design. At the time I was just working with some local clients in Kazakhstan. I got a couple of small clients on the local websites. I was just slightly, slightly getting more experience and slightly growing, right? Then, in the January of 2024, I decided to open my X account for the first time and started posting consistently. A few months passed by, I got like 5 to 6 K followers and in November of 2024, I opened my agency. So, on average I think we get like between six to seven clients a month. Some of them are one-off projects, some of them are retainers and I would say our average price for retainers is about 20 K a month. Okay, cool. Well, I mean, I think what's amazing about your business is that you don't have like a million clients, you just have a few really, really solid clients that pay you a lot of money per month. Can you break down how you got your first big client? Yeah, sure. So, for the whole summer, like 2024, I was applying for all the UX UI web design role I could find. And eventually all of them are rejected me. So, I decided to make like a new like campaign where I would do the free redesigns for these big brands. And Wolf was the first one that I did. I took the landing page, redesigned the hero section and made a post about it. And the post blew up to like 110 K views, I think like overnight. Even though Wolf itself didn't notice me. But at this time I got around of 10 to 12 cold bookings overnight and closed majority of them. So, it basically was my first month of running an agency and making this new campaign and it turned out to be super good. Okay, cool. I mean, I love this. So, could you just show me actually right now a post that you did free work that led to clients? Basically, this day I had a flight from Kazakhstan to San Francisco because I was going to the Bolt event. I also met with the Bolt team and I showed it to them and they reached out to me like in a week and we started working together. And here's another example of the free work we've done. We did a redesign for the homepage of acquisition.com and then Alex Hormozi himself, he noticed this, right? And he actually responded to uh this tweet. And this post, I would say it's probably the highest converting post of my life. Uh it brought me like 15, 16 cold bookings overnight. Cool. I think the next thing that some people watching this are probably wondering is, okay, I don't have an audience. So, if I do free work and I share it publicly, nobody's going to see it. I'd love if you shared your playbook for getting that early audience, getting those first few thousand followers if you're doing anything in design or really anything in marketing online. So, step one to start using this free work strategy, you first of all need to have an X account. So, you need to get some followers. Spend a lot of time engaging with other people in your niche. I was leaving like 50 comments a day on other designers' posts. Step two, you go from little amount of followers, like a few hundred followers, to a few thousand followers by doing giveaways. The three things you can give away is usually the knowledge, the product or the service. So, thing is, you basically say like to get this, you need to follow me, you need to leave a comment, you need to repost, right? And then I will send it to you like in the DMs. And basically, because of the giveaways, I was able to go maybe like from 500 followers to 5 K followers in a couple of months by doing maybe like three giveaways in total. Step three, I would say would be to download the TweetHunter extension. You need it to see the most viral content of people in your niche so then you can replicate that. Step four would be to experiment as much as with the content as you can. Because the thing is, 3 to 5 K followers is actually the best range of followers you can have. Why? Because you're big enough to make some of your content blow up, right? And you're not big enough for people to care about you enough. So, you can like make like a bunch of posts and just like test new ideas, test everything you have in mind. And let's say if it's not good enough and people just will not notice that, it doesn't matter, right? You will not hurt your reputation. And if it's good enough, then it will blow up. And step five would be to make something cool for these big ass brands. I would first is that uh you find the most viral brands people talk about right now. So, right now it may be in Grooly. So, every month, every couple of months people have something new to talk about. And your idea is to spend as much time to make the highest quality of work for this trending brand name to then make it go viral. Okay, I want to point out something important here. With Mark's agency, he had to deliver amazing designs fast. He didn't waste weeks tweaking buttons or second-guessing every layout. He had a system for creating stunning designs quickly, which is the same idea behind the app Mobbin, our sponsor of today's video. Mobbin is one of my favorite tools for finding amazing design inspiration. It's a giant vault of real product designs from the best apps in the world. Actual apps and screens broken down by features and styles. So, instead of guessing how to design your app, you can just find proven templates and build from that 10 times faster. This app has saved me hours and it makes designing fun again. So, if you're interested, check out Mobbin at the first link in the description. Huge thanks to Mobbin for supporting this video and sponsoring the channel. All right, let's get back to the story. Okay, thank you for sharing that playbook. I think it's awesome. Can you share some more numbers behind the business and how it's doing just 10 months after starting? Yeah, we make 80 K revenue a month on average. Next month we're looking to break 100 K. If you see our dashboard, we actually double every two months in terms of the revenue. So, we started with 10 K a month, then 20 months, 20 K, 40 K, 80 K and so on. Right now I have 25 K followers on X. I recently took a look at the statistics. I have more than 25 million views throughout this year on X. Cool. Let me change the subject. I do want to understand a little bit more about how you built this business. What is the tech stack and the tools that you use to build this business to $80,000 a month in 10 months? I would say these agencies they use the same bundle of tools at the zero level and at the maximum level. It's always Figma, Blender, After Effects, Cinema 4D. We use it for 3D motions. We use Slack for communication. We use Notion, obviously X and we have like the highest level of X verified organization subscription for the brand awareness purposes. Yeah. For anyone watching this that wants to get started right now, what are the actual tools you need to get started? You actually don't need like that much. Figma is free. You can pay like a 30 bucks a month for Figma subscription just to host your own website, right? But it's also not necessary. I have a bunch of friends who make like 30 to 40 K MRR without a website. So, I would say if you just start out, everything's free. Thanks for sharing all those tools. If you could go back in time and stand on Mark's shoulder before you had any clients, what would be your number one piece of advice or advice for anyone who's watching this that wants to get started and build something like you? People usually underestimate the amount of work you actually need to put in, right? So, I always ask myself, what's the number of times you need to repeat this specific task that the chances of you not getting a client or a lead will be close to zero. How many times I need to like do the cold DMs, how many times I need to post the content for the chances of me not getting something from that will be close to zero. Cool. Well, thanks for coming onto the channel, Mark. What you built is awesome. 19 years old building an amazing company working with the coolest companies. So, thanks for coming on and sharing everything. It was awesome. >> Yeah, thank you so bad. Thank you, it was exciting. All right, big thanks to Mark for coming onto the channel. I loved his story, how he built all this in public and how he grew to a million-dollar business in under a year. That's just insane. But remember, it all started with a simple idea and today that's really all you need. And that's why we launched Starter Story Build. In Starter Story Build, we will help you turn a simple idea into a real working app and you'll do it all without writing a single line of code. If you're interested in checking it out, then just head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. Hope you enjoyed it. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO DV7bBCAABg4 =====
TITLE: I built a $100K/month AI app
DURATION: 669.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built an AI platform that makes almost $100,000 a month. This is Dustin, and just 2 years ago, he came across an idea that changed his life. I saw very quickly where the world was headed, and almost like a revelation, saw what the next 3 years would look like. So, he did something crazy. With no money and no coding experience, he taught himself how to build apps, and he built an MVP. I made $3,000 in that first month. 2 months later, he made $10,000 a month, and a year later, he was making $30,000 a month. I brought Dustin onto the channel to break down exactly how he did it. In this video, we'll dive into the not-so-obvious problem his app solves and why it's so successful, his 8-week no-code build process from idea to launch, and why he thinks everyone should be building an AI right now. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Dustin, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. My name's Dustin. I built a little tool called Magi. I have built the app in 8 weeks and had my first customers on the first day that I released it. So, 2 and 1/2 years later, we're doing well over a million dollars in revenue, over almost $100,000 a month. All right, well, before we get into the idea and the app that you actually built, I just want to get a little bit of background on you. How did you get to this point? >> I grew up in small-town Pennsylvania. Mom and my stepdad always worked hard to try and provide a good life for us. I wanted to be an actor, so I moved out to California to pursue acting. Hated waiting tables, so ended up starting a business instead. Found that I had a knack for social media and technology, and so I taught myself web design, taught myself marketing, and started an agency. Very quickly though, I learned that I'm a bit of a perfectionist, and that didn't scale very well for me. So, I found that if I focused all that perfectionism into building digital products, I could help hundreds of thousands of people rather than one client at a time. And so, I started building digital products. My first digital product was in 2014. Started a WordPress plugin company with a couple of partners. We kind of grew apart as partners, and I made my exit to start a couple other products that failed miserably, and then found myself in a place where I was not sure if I had anything left to give, but kept moving forward anyways, and the idea for Magi is what started this whole new season of life. All right, well, let's dive into that. How did you come up with the idea for Magi, this business that's now making over $100,000 a month? Where do you even get this idea? You know, having been through several different technology booms, I saw the writing on the wall. I saw that the whole world was about to change, and so as I started using ChatGPT, I realized that there were some things missing. There were some features that I wish were there. You know, at the beginning, you couldn't search your chats. You couldn't put things into folders. All these little quality-of-life things started piling up. I knew that I could make something better and I could improve it. And thanks to, you know, the journey that I'd been on, I'd kind of taught myself enough about how to develop working apps using no-code tools and having some experience with customers in the subscription SaaS space, I knew that people were completely burnt out on subscriptions. And seeing all these different AI companies pop up, I went to myself, "People are going to need like five or six different subscriptions just to get the best of the best AI things. What if I could solve that one problem for them?" And then on top of that, all these quality-of-life things that I'm having with ChatGPT. So, that was really the genesis of the idea. I want to now get into how you actually built this thing. That's something that we really try to dig into as Starter Story. You didn't have a technical or big-time developer background, but you built this amazing SaaS software tool. Take me through the actual build and launch of Magi. How did you do it? How did you go from zero to really great product? >> Yeah, so you're spot-on. I'm not a developer. So, when I was at the point in my life where I was broke, no ability to hire developers to help me when I had this idea, I had to find a way to build it myself without spending any money. And so, I actually found a really great online course, and I just started learning as much as I could, as fast as I could. Within 8 weeks, I had a full MVP built on a combination of Bubble and a handful of code that I understood how to build myself. I launched it thinking nobody would buy it, but to my surprise, in the first month, we made $3,000. Second month, $4,000. Third month, we were at $10,000 a month. And then after 1 full year, we were doing $30,000 a month in revenue. Okay, well, on that note, I think a lot of people watching are wondering, "Okay, once you actually launch it, get those first users, how did you then scale it or grow it to $100,000 a month?" What were the growth tactics or the marketing strategies you employed? The most important marketing strategy that I could say that I utilized at the beginning was having built a personal brand for the last 10 years. You need to be building in public. People want to see the journey. Even if it's not pretty, if it's not Instagram polished, people want to see. So, for the last 10 years, I had a personal blog that had over 10 years accumulated over 100,000 email subscribers. So, when I launched a product, I had a built-in audience. And so, that carried me. Doing no advertising, doing no real marketing aside from just building in public. I will also say that I think a big contributor to the initial momentum that we had was right away, I built an affiliate program into the product, and it was a very generous one. It was a affiliate program that was built on recurring revenue. So, it's not just a one-time commission. If they refer a customer that pays us 12 times, they get paid 12 times. And apart from that, I'm very grateful to have some really great friends in the industry, some really great marketers who are friends of mine. I built relationships in the industry. I I genuinely care about people. I'm an extrovert, so like I really do love people. So, those were really the three biggest keys to to growing Magi from zero to 100,000 a month in revenue. One of the reasons I love Dustin's story is because he built his idea fast. He didn't spend months learning to code, and spend a bunch of money on hiring developers. And I wanted to mention this because I see a lot of people getting stuck in the build phase for months. Well, that's where rocket.new comes in. Rocket helps you go from just a few sentences to a full-stack app, no coding required. Just describe your vision once and get a complete functional app with back-end integrations and production-ready code. You can even import designs from Figma, add integrations like Stripe and Superbase, and download an actual mobile APK to test on your phone instantly. And the best part, you own all the code forever. Over 400,000 users in over 180 countries are already building with Rocket because it turns ideas into apps in minutes, not months. If you're ready to build your AI app idea without months of development, check out rocket.new at the first link in the description. Thank you to Rocket for sponsoring this video. I love what you guys are building. All right, now back to the story. All right, well, now, I mean, I would love to see what you built. Can you give us a quick demo of Magi, what it does, how it works? Give me the breakdown of the app. I'd love to see it in action. Yeah, so just like any other chat app you've used, ChatGPT, Claude, etc., you open up Magi, and you get a input place where you can start typing to the AI. You can say, "Hello," to the default model. Now, the difference with Magi is, unlike the other apps, you don't just get to access the one company's AI model. We give you access to all of them. So, if you look in the top left corner of the app, you can open up the full list where all the top models in the world are accessible. So, if you wanted to chat with GPT-5, you just select GPT-5, and then all of a sudden, you're now chatting with GPT-5. So, you started the conversation with Claude, and then you brought GPT-5 into the conversation. So, yeah, it gives you access to all of the best AI models in one subscription, one dashboard. The other great thing is you're not limited to just large language models. We also have image and video models as well. So, we have Dolly, Flux, GPT Image. We have Ideogram. All of the top image and video models as well. So, if you wanted to flip over and create a photo of a cat playing cards, you can do that with Flux right inside that same chat conversation. So, most of what you're seeing on the front end is built with Bubble. On top of that, we're using Stripe as our payment processor. ConvertKit is our default email marketing system. OpenRouter is sort of our central access point for all these AI models. They've created a unified technology platform that allows you to access all the different LLMs with one API call format. And file.ai is also similar. They put all of the image and video and audio models in one place. Now, some of the models I do have direct API connections to. In fact, with OpenAI, I have the highest tier. And then on top of that, it's just your standard Google Analytics to track, you know, how users are using the app. I use Ahrefs as our SEO platform to kind of monitor our keyword ranking and, you know, how we're doing from an SEO standpoint. Thanks for showing that. The other question I have is, how do you monetize this? Are you on a subscription model? Is there freemium, free trial? What's worked for you? Yeah, so we have a strictly a paid model. We don't have any freemium. We have a $20 a month plan for solo users, and it gives you the average amount of usage that you might need in a given month. So, if you want to blast through that, we give you the option to add more usage as you go if you need it. We have a team plan that's $40 a month. It gives you up to five users, and you all share There's three times as much usage, and again, you can purchase more. You can also add team members for $20 per team member per month if you need more users. And so, that's great for enterprises who need to scale up to, you know, 1,000 or more users, you can do that easily right from within the app. Well, thanks for sharing that. The last question that I have for you is, if you could go back in time, stand on Dustin's shoulder, or share any advice with anyone who's watching this channel who wants to do something amazing like you've done, built a million-dollar AI SaaS product, what would be your advice? I think the biggest problem that founders face is letting their past failures define them. I had a lot of confidence when I launched my first software company and by the grace of God it was successful out of the gate with very little effort. But then I left that business and I had two more ideas that completely failed to launch and crashed and burned and so my confidence was shot and those failures were so heavy on me that I I lacked the confidence that that I should have had. People rejected the products, they didn't reject you. Cool. Thanks for coming on the channel, Dustin. Amazing story. Hope to have you back on sometime. Thanks for sharing everything. My pleasure. All right. Thank you, Dustin, for coming on to the channel. I think one of the most powerful feelings in the world is taking an idea from up here in your head and bringing it to life just like Dustin did with Match AI. And this is exactly why we have Starter Story Build. It's our program where we will show you how to build fast using the latest AI coding tools and in just a few days you'll go from a simple idea to a real working app. If you're interested in this, well, head to the the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace. [Music]


===== VIDEO hYW9YDwHE20 =====
TITLE: My app failed, then I changed one thing, and made $80K
DURATION: 759.0
TRANSCRIPT:
After launching my app and seeing no success, I rebuilt it and it made $80,000 in 6 months. Meet Praneeth, a builder from India who quit his software engineering job to go all in on building apps. But, after launching the first version of his app, he saw pretty much no success. So, he decided to make a simple pivot that changed everything. >> making 250k a year, but always knew I wanted to build my own thing. In this video, Praneeth will share what most builders get wrong about their first idea, the pricing change that made him $80,000 in 6 months, and specifically how you can price your first product so you can make money on day one. >> I would not recommend starting with a subscription model if you're bootstrapping. This one is going to be fun. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. Praneeth, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story? My name is Praneeth, and I quit my $250,000 job last year and went all in on building my own apps. I built an app called Canvas Mode, which was formerly known as Rabbit Holes AI, but when I built the first version of it, it didn't get any traction. But then, I changed the pricing model and my app made $80,000 in the last 6 months. Okay, well, before we get into that pricing change, which I'm really excited to talk about, I do want to understand what is your business, what is Rabbit Holes? >> Rabbit Holes AI is an app which is basically a canvas-first way to interact with AI models. If you've ever chatted with ChatGPT for a really long time, it tends to kind of forget or loses place in the conversation. So, it's really hard to have any meaningful long conversations with a linear app like ChatGPT. So, what happens in a canvas app like this is as soon as you see something is kind of getting interesting and you want to branch off or create a different kind of fork in that conversation, you can do that by creating a new node. So, Rabbit Holes AI is built for power AI users to get more out of the AI, unlike linear conversation apps. Okay, let's talk about how you came up with the idea for this. Obviously, this app is huge, has lots of users. How did you find the idea to build this? >> I was initially trying to work on build on one of my old ideas, and I was using ChatGPT, and I was using Perplexity, and I was using Claude to do that to teach myself. I soon I found myself like distributed across a bunch of different tabs. Each one of those had different kind of expertise. Claude was much better for coding, and GPT was much better for high-level architectural kind of things, and uh Perplexity was much better for real-time information. So, the UX designer in me thought, "Okay, this is a frictionless experience, and this is kind of broken, and I feel it's it's going to be much better if I can do it all in one tab." And it kind of evolved as a design from there. Okay, so, you have this idea, you start building it, but you sort of make almost a mistake when you start building it in terms of the pricing model. Can you tell me about when you started building it, what your plan was for how to price this thing, and kind of how that whole process started? >> The default mode of how I operated with bad building products was the typical subscription model or the freemium model. So, that's where I went with initially and launched a web app with free trial where you get like a few questions for free, and then you have to pay after a little bit of usage, but that didn't get much traction, and I feel like there is multiple reasons to that. The top ones are that I did not have a huge personal brand trying to do the building public thing where I was talking on Twitter or kind of posting everywhere where I got a chance. I got some interest, but never really turned into any real dollars. And on top of it, I kind of decided that my ideal customer profile, ICP, is a power AI user. So, at that point, my ICP would already be saturated with bunch of different subscriptions they are paying for these multiple AI models. So, that's when I had to change the product a little bit by moving away from web app into a and making it a one-time purchase. >> Okay, so, you have this app, it's sort of working, you've got some users, you got free trials, but you feel like there's maybe something missing, and you make a change. Tell me about what that change was and what happened after you made that change. >> To balance all the things that were peculiar to my situation, I wanted to start with the one-time purchase, and I had to convert the app into a one-time purchase, which means that I cannot incur any AI cost because AI usage cost me money, and I wanted to offload that to the users. So, that was step one to make it bring your own keys. And the second step was to not even incur any server cost. If I were to like just build it once and sell it many times, I had to offload my server cost to the users as well. And the easiest way to do that was to just use the users' computers, and to do that, I had to build a desktop app. This allows me to like ship and forget about my business cost, and everything ran on the users. They paid for the AI. As soon as they changed it, a lot of people actually started paying. They were more serious in terms of giving feedback. It felt much more refreshing in the sense that people were not only more serious, but they were also more helpful in kind of like believing in this early-stage product. So, after we moved to a one-time purchase model, that change led to about $80,000 in the last 6 months. Okay, so, for anyone watching this, I do want to reiterate that a lifetime deal doesn't make sense for all businesses. So, I'd like to hear from you, when does a lifetime deal make sense? What type of business and what type of founder is this for? I think every bootstrap business should do an LTD model. The pricing and how they do it should obviously vary according to their unique product use cases and the costs that they incur, but I think a VC style of doing freemium would not work for a bootstrap model. Having venture capital would actually mean that you can offset your truth-seeking in essence, like you can kind of delay your product market fit, so you can kind of hope that people would come on board, but that's not a luxury that bootstrap businesses would have. So, almost every bootstrap business should do a lifetime deal along with whatever they are doing. If you already have like a subscription model, have a lifetime deal. Even if it's a limited thing, have it because it kind of gives you this boost in morale with this chunk of cash coming in, and you have a much more validated idea, and you have a good sizable user base who are willing to actively give feedback and be involved, and it's hugely, hugely beneficial if you're a solo founder or like a founder with like a small team trying to figure out what to build because usually what happens, which happened with me in the past as well, was that you kind of get into your own head and trying to think what to build and what not to build. All right, before we get into how Praneeth successfully pivoted and relaunched his business, I do need to point something out. Making money online isn't as complicated as most people think. At its core, it's as simple as creating something valuable and putting a Stripe payment link on it. No, it won't always work, but you'll never know unless you ship it. And that's the beauty of the internet today. There are almost no barriers to try, and this is why we created a Starter Story Build. It's our action-oriented bootcamp where in just a couple of weeks, you'll come up with an idea, you'll build it with AI tools, and you'll actually launch it to the real world. Even if you have no coding experience or you're still working a full-time job, there has never been a better time to just try. So, if you're ready to take action, click the first link in the description to learn more about Starter Story Build. All right, now back to Praneeth's story. The next question I have is more specific and tactical is the pricing of lifetime deal. How did you price your lifetime deal, and how would you recommend anybody who's got similar products to price a lifetime deal? If you are building an AI product, I think it's absolutely worth it to have a bring-your-own-keys model. That offsets a lot of costs, and it kind of offloads it from you to the users, so everybody should do that. The way I've done that for Rabbit Holes is that the pricing of the actual product actually started with something really small. I started off with $29 when I was under 100 users. Once it crossed 100, I bumped it to like 49, and we are going to be bumping the lifetime deal much higher and kind of moving on to a recurring model now that we are about uh 1,200 users right now. So, the initial offering was much lower, and the early users who bought in got a much better deal. And it also gave me feedback of like it that the market is wanting to buy something like this. On that tactical note, I do also want to talk about growth. Yes, you can create a lifetime deal, and you can set your pricing, but you still need to drive users to the page, you still need to get it in front of people. How did you grow Rabbit Holes, and what was your growth strategies? One of the first things I would still want people to do is to get their landing page right. Um to get that right, I need think this is something that I've done in my past experiments, but this time I've done it right, which is to get my ICP correct. In my case, it was power AI users. So, my landing page copy was like completely tailored to power AI users. I call them out in my H1, and I call them out in multiple places on my website, and this is very important, and there's like tons of places where you can find how to structure your website. And after I've done that, I started like talking more about it on Twitter, and and I kind of like replied to conversations that were in relation to AI interactions and the new age of AI, and it was not just directly talking about my product in a sense, like, you know, buy my product or I'm building this and that sense, but I was just hinting towards something related to my product. >> On that note, I'd love to hear just some of the numbers of the business today. What is the business look like, revenue, profit, users? What can you share? It's like around 80k-ish in gross revenue as we speak, and about 75 around uh profits, and minus the refunds and everything. We are about like 1,200 paying users, and 60% of them are lifetime users, and about 40% are like people who bought it out of one-time purchase where they would have to renew it after a year to get more updates. And uh overall, we have about like 38,000 unique visitors to the site so far. Well, thanks for sharing that. On that same note, tell me about tech stack. How did you actually build this? I was saying in the beginning, I used AI as my co-founder in essence, and I used Cursor for coding. The landing page is built on Next.js. The actual app is an Electron app, and it's uh uses React underneath and um TypeScript to do it. And do you host the apps on Cloudflare, but that's not a huge deal. But another big thing I have to talk about or touch on is the AI SDK that is built by people at Vercel, and it's a huge accelerant in me being able to build this product because it allowed me to build a product with great abstraction where I could just focus on the front end and have almost nothing to worry about integrating with these multiple different kind of AI providers. AI SDK gives you the best abstraction in that sense. You use it and you're automatically capable of logging into all the top providers and then some. On a similar note, what I think is cool is you have this BYOK, bring your own keys, which basically means you don't have to pay for API LLM costs. So, I'm curious, what are the costs and margins for a business like this? You really don't have big server costs and you don't have API costs, so what does it cost to run day-to-day? It's almost nothing. I only have to pay for my landing page hosting and almost I can bring it to zero, but because I'm like a Next.js spoiled person, I host it on Vercel and I have some fancy things going on there, so it cost me about $50 a month and I have a Cursor subscription about $200 a month. But, that is something that I have to only spend because I have to keep working on new features, not to maintain the existing product. Cool. Well, last question that I have for you, a question that we ask all founders to come on to the channel. If you could stand on Praneeth's shoulder when you were just starting out before you had product market fit in this awesome product that's made a bunch of revenue, what would be your advice? I've been trying building different products since the last 6-7 years and for the good chunk of last 5 years, I was operating as a skills man. As an entrepreneur, your goal is to find product market fit as soon as possible and your goal is to build something that makes people's lives better, but what I was doing was appealing to my peers, which is totally not the mindset that I need to have as an entrepreneur because your whole purpose should be about finding a product market fit, finding something that you're going to put out in the market and they're going to give you money and reward you in return as a thank you for making their lives better and that should be your only goal. That's really good advice. Thanks for sharing that, Praneeth. That was awesome. Thanks for coming on to the channel. What you built is awesome. I'm excited to see what you continue to do and continue to build. Thanks for coming on. And thanks for having me. It's a great pleasure. All right, thank you Praneeth for coming on to the channel. Hopefully, you guys got a bunch of value from this video. I find it super inspiring about how Praneeth left his full-time job, decided to go build stuff, and especially how he didn't give up after the initial version of his app failed. If you're looking to do something similar and ship your own app, then definitely check out Starter Story Build. It's our program where in just a few weeks, we'll help you find an idea, build it with AI, and launch it to the real world with real users. If this sounds interesting to you, just head to the first link in the description to learn more about what Starter Story Build is about. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO w8oUlfgvcTI =====
TITLE: My two apps made $30M
DURATION: 693.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built two companies doing over $30 million in sales by copying already successful businesses. >> Meet Will. After the real estate crash in 2008, he lost everything and had to start from scratch. >> We didn't see it coming and we just totally got crushed. >> Then he came across the opportunity to build a SAS, but he didn't do it in the conventional way. Instead of reinventing the wheel and building something that didn't exist yet, he developed a framework that led him to make millions of dollars. This is kind of the cold email framework that we use for Uplead and I think anyone can kind of use this and apply this to their business today. >> In this video, Will shares his million-dollar research framework, how to successfully copy lucrative businesses, and the one marketing strategy that's made him millions of dollars. >> The playbooks are already out there. Most people just don't study them. >> Whether you're a seasoned builder or just getting started, this episode might blow your mind. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Will to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Will Cannon. I built UpLED to over $30 million in sales, and I built Signature Lead to over 1.6 million users without raising a dime of funding. I did it all without reinventing the wheel. I took business models that already had product market fit and I added my own little twist to them. >> Okay, cool. We're going to get all into this framework of how you built these and took these proven markets. But first, I want to understand a little bit more about your background. How do you get here to this place where you have these awesome software businesses? >> So, at 19, me and my girlfriend, who's now my wife, started our first mortgage company. This was during the subprime mortgage boom. So, there was mortgages being handed out left and right. And we were kind of new to the industry. We're like, what's going on? We started making so much money we couldn't even believe it. And we thought we were on top of the world. This was 2005, 2006, 2007. Everything was going great. And then the mortgage crisis hit. We didn't see it coming and we just totally got crushed. So, then it was time to rebuild. We were like, "Hey, what are we going to do next?" When we had our mortgage company, we were sending a lot of cold emails to loan officers and real estate agents to recruit them. And we had a couple people in our office that would ask us like, "Hey, do you have a list of loan officers or list of real estate agents?" So, we were kind of selling lists on the side and we thought, "Hey, this could be a business." So, we started diving into that further. That's what we did for about 10 years from 2007ish to 2017. We kept running into the same problem, data quality. And that was the kind of the aha moment. We're like, "Hey, there has to be a way or a software that can do this for us." So that was the thought behind Uplead and that was our transition from 10 years of building an agency into SAS. >> All right. Well, before we get into these businesses that you built, how you've grown them and the framework for finding these ideas for these proven markets, can you break down how you actually found the ideas for your two big software companies that you run now? >> For Uple agency, so the data quality from the vendors on the market at the time was around 50 to 60% accurate. We'd scrape the internet for data and that data was also maybe 40 50% accurate. every time we build a list, we'd have to verify the emails. We'd have to send the phone number list to a call center we had in the Philippines to verify the phone numbers. And that was the kind of the aha moment. We're like, hey, why isn't there a tool that can just do this for us? Why isn't there a tool where I can go in, I can punch in my ICP, I can say, here's who I want to target. I click download or export and it'll download and verify the emails and verify the phone numbers in real time. We didn't find any software. We decided to build it ourselves for Signature League, which now has over 1.6 million users. This is how we found the idea. This was 2020 and we saw everything was moving away from face to face. So we knew documents weren't being signed face to face anymore. They were being signed over the internet. So we looked this model up and we saw Docu Sign was the biggest player in the game. They were public. They had a ton of revenue. But their product was complicated. It wasn't easy to use. So we thought there has to be a better way. Why don't we build a simple, easy to use version of DocYsine that was so easy to use your grandmother could use it. That's how we knew this business could be successful. There was already proven product market fit. There was a need in the market for customers that wanted a simple version of a tool that was already on the market and we used our SEO and cold email and other skill sets to acquire customers profitably. >> Okay. So, you did this for two very successful businesses. You have this framework for finding ideas that are already proven and then just going and building them doing them somewhat differently. Can you walk me through this framework so that someone watching could potentially do the same? Step one is I would look for markets that already have product market fit. I mean, I'm not Steve Jobs. I had 1.5 GPA growing up. So, I thought it was a lot easier to go into a market that already has product market fit. Now that you found a market that you want to compete in, the next step is finding your unique angle, putting a unique twist on it. It can't just be pricing. It can't just be, hey, we're like XYZ, but a little bit more affordable. There has to be some unique twist to it. So, go look at the one and two star reviews and see what people are complaining about. See what they dislike about the best players in the market. That's our twist. Our twist is what people dislike about the biggest companies in the space because those are the easiest customers to go after and acquire. And that's step three, acquiring customers profitably. Now, this is the hardest part, but if you can get this right, you can build any business. This is the hardest part because you have to have a skill set here. Whether it's cold email, whether it's cold calling, whether it's SEO, whether it's ads. So, my skill sets are around cold email, cold calling, SEO, and a few others. I acquired all of these by reading books, by watching YouTube videos. And step four is execution. Most people talk about building a business, but actually building it is a lot harder. You're going to fail. You're going to have to get back up. You're going to have to keep going. And this playbook, it might not work the first time. I failed at probably over 20 different businesses before having two successful businesses. I think that framework is awesome. I love that playbook. Clearly, it's worked for you for two very successful businesses. But for anyone who's watching right now, I think they might be wondering, how can I do this right now? What are the opportunities that can work in 2025? I'm sure you've come across a bunch of painful problems that you love to solve, but you don't have time for. What would you be building right now that the audience can learn from? >> One idea is a super simple CRM. Almost every business needs a CRM. It's a big market. It's fragmented. There's multiple companies doing billions of dollars in revenue. This is an area I would probably look at if I was building something new today. Number two, I would say a payroll software for small businesses. You have a bunch of companies in the space. Again, really fragmented, multiple winners in the space. If you look at Fresh Books and their SEO strategy around templates and tools, I'd probably copy that playbook right there, right? They've built the playbook for you. There's an SEO advantage I would have in that market. Number three, I would say a website analytics tool. Every business needs to analyze their metrics, their funnel, how much traffic they're getting to their website, attribution, ROI. Your market is almost infinite. And if you can tie in some new things right now around AI, around maybe mentions on LLMs within the analytics tool, I think that'd be a cool tool to start today. >> All right, before we keep going here, I do got to call out something I've been seeing with a lot of founders right now. You're moving fast. Maybe you're close to product market fit or you're prepping for your next round, but then enterprise prospects start asking about your security compliance and suddenly everything slows down. The reality is that in 2025, especially with AI, security expectations hit earlier and harder than ever. You can either get ahead of it or let it become the thing that kills your momentum. Vanta, today's sponsor, basically solves that entire headache. Instead of spending months figuring out SOCK 2 compliance, Vanta's automated workflows get you audit ready fast. And here's what I really like about the platform. It's not just a one-time setup. It keeps monitoring and updating as you scale. Fast growing startups like Langchain, Writer, and Cursor trusted Vanta to build their security foundation early, which means they can focus on growth instead of getting stuck in compliance hell. Right now, Vanta is offering $1,000 off for Starter Story viewers. So, check out vanta.com/starter or click the first link in the description. Over 12,000 companies are already using Vanta to scale smarter. Huge thank you to Vanta for partnering with us at Startertory. Let's dive back into the interview. I want to hear a little bit more about your businesses that you built. We haven't really talked about them yet, but can you share the two businesses that you built in software that are crushing it right now? What do they do? How do they work? And how are they doing? Uple is a B2B data provider with real-time verified emails, mobile numbers, and buyer intent signals. Uple has over $4,000 customers currently. It's done over $30 million in sales, and it gets over 100,000 visits to its website every month. And the other business I have is Signaturely. It's an e signature company. It's an easy and simple to use alternative to docuine. So, Signaturely has over 1.6 million users. It's done over 1.5 million in sales and it gets over 800,000 visits per month. >> Okay, cool. And those are amazing businesses beyond the framework for finding these ideas, which we talked a bunch about. I'd also be curious to hear about how you actually grew and scaled these businesses. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? >> Uple got its first 1 million in annual recurring revenue strictly from cold email. So, this is kind of the cold email framework that we use for Uplead and I think anyone can kind of use this and apply this to their business today. So, here's the cold email that got us our first million dollars in ARR. I'll break it down. The subject line is, "Hi, first name." So, hi James. The first line is, "I was checking out your LinkedIn profile and thought this could be of value to you. We built a tool called Uple, which is like Zoom Info but with real-time email verification, and we're really affordable. Are you open to trying it out at no cost?" So, the subject line is, "Hi, James. It looks like it came from a real person." The intro is neutral and direct. I saw your profile. There's no hype there. The value prop is clear and familiar. We framed it against the biggest company in the market, Zoom Info, but better. We told what our twist is. And then the ask, are you open to trying it out at no cost? We try to make the ask so easy it's hard to say no. You don't need long emails. You need short ones that feel human. And I think any business can take this. They can tweak those lines and they can send out the same cold email that we did. So from Signature, we got from 0 to 1.6 million users mainly from SEO. We use the strategy around tools and templates and ranking for them high in search in order to get our first customers. We built a free online signature tool where you can type or handdraw your signature and you can download it and then we push them to go use that to sign documents. So that was a one of the tools we use as part of our funnel. And then we also wrote templates. So we wrote marketing agreements and construction agreements and landlord agreements and we ranked a bunch of templates. Templates and contracts and that was how we got our first thousand plus customers. >> Okay. Well, thanks for sharing that. I mean, SEO, I love SEO. Big reason Starter Story grew as well. The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, you built these amazing businesses. What would you say to a younger Will, if you could stand on his shoulder and give him advice from when you were just starting out, you had the failed mortgage company. What would be your advice to someone just starting out like you? >> Have these big, hairy, audacious goals, these crazy goals, these moonshots, right? I remember when I was first starting out, I thought if I could just make $5,000 a month, that would be enough. and then you hit that and then you go to the next level. So have big goals. Another one is things are going to come up every day that get in your way. Don't sweat the small stuff. Think about the big picture. Another piece of advice is you have to just keep going. You're going to fail. You're going to have to get back up, right? I failed at probably 15, 20 different businesses before I built two that were super successful. Well, thanks for coming on the channel. I appreciate you sharing your story and these amazing businesses that you built. Hope to have you on again sometime and see your businesses grow even more. So, thanks for coming on. >> Thanks for having me, Pat. Thanks again to Will for coming on to the channel and sharing his story. I love his approach to building businesses where it's not about creating a whole new category, but instead just adding a small twist on what's already out there. If you're looking to do something similar, then definitely check out Starter Story Build. It's our program where we teach you how to use in demand AI coding tools and go from an idea to a real working app in just a couple weeks. Having coding experience is not an obstacle to building real software products anymore. And if you want to build something, just click the link in the description to start a story build and check it out. All right, I hope you guys enjoyed the episode and found it valuable. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO VZ1XspToV1E =====
TITLE: I Built a $1M SaaS Using YouTube
DURATION: 729.0
TRANSCRIPT:
If any viewers is watching this and does a video on YouTube for 45 days, if they don't make at least $5,000, I'll just PayPal you $500. >> This is Vasco. He built an AI app that in just 2 years went from 0 to $70,000 a month. >> Most our users come from YouTube. >> But here's what's crazy about his story. He did it all with YouTube. One video a day, nothing fancy, no crazy tools, and it worked. >> The way in which you get people to buy from you is if they know, like, and trust you. Using a simple strategy, Vasco turned YouTube videos into a million-dollar business. And I brought him onto the channel to break it all down. In this video, we'll dive into his YouTube strategy that generates $70,000 a month. How you can create money-making assets that sell your product while you sleep, and why YouTube beats every other platform for building trust and getting conversions. All right, this one's going to be fun. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Vasco to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hey, my name is Vasco. I built a software company called Arvo. We scaled it from zero to around 70K in MR fully organic. And I think the most interesting part about this is that we leverage just one platform, which was YouTube. >> Before we get into this YouTube playbook, which I think is amazing. I think people watching this are going to love it. I just want to understand what your product does. What is Arvo? What does it do? Who are the customers? So, Arvo helps marketing agencies, business owners do SEO a bit faster leveraging AI. SEO tends to be a tedious process, takes a lot a lot of time. We try to shorten the time until where you can see results. It starts from around $99 a month. It goes all the way to almost $700 a month. We do of course as a SAS have charge. So, along the way, we have a lot of clients, but at the moment, we have around 600 paying clients. >> That's amazing. This business is doing basically a million dollars a year. How do you find the idea for Arvo? How do you get to this point? It was 2016 or 2015. I was just browsing YouTube and I came across this guy called Alex Becker and I saw a video from him where he was making supposedly 10K a month doing rank and rent SEO. And so I started doing that. Bought my first domain, started doing local SEO with rank and rent. Got a couple of clients then got a bit tired of dealing with clients. So I just took my SEO services and started selling them on Fiverr, Upwork and other marketplaces. But then I noticed that these marketplaces, they were missing a lot of things that I wanted to see in my own marketplace. And so I built my own SEO marketplace called Vetted. We sold it last year and the AI bubble was just coming. When I sold Vetted, I knew that I wanted to still build something in the SEO space, but now applying AI to it. And so we thought an AI writer could be a good idea. So we built it. That's basically the whole story of how Argo came about. >> Okay. Well, what I'm really excited and why I really wanted to have you on the channel, Vasco, is what you told me about how you grew this business. I think a lot of people watching might be wondering how you built it, what the product does. I think one of the coolest things about what you did is how you grew this business. So, can you give me a breakdown of what the main growth channel is for your SAS? Most our users come from YouTube. The way in which you get people to buy from you is if they know, like, and trust you, right? And I think the best way to have someone know, like, and trust you is if they see your face and they hear your voice for long periods of time. All in all, I think YouTube has everything you need to have someone like, and trust you, and then buy from. It's not to say that Tik Tok doesn't work, blogging doesn't work, Twitter, LinkedIn doesn't work. But I think as in terms of a ratio to effort to results, I think YouTube is the best one. >> Okay, that's amazing. This business was grown purely with YouTube. But what I really want to get from you, Vasco, is the full playbook. Tell me exactly how you went from zero to a million-dollar business purely with YouTube. >> So this was basically our playbook in three core steps. First one is you have to focus on producing money making assets. I just produce a bunch of long form content in basically three buckets. First bucket again is evergreen. So a video that I know that if I post today, it will still keep on getting views a year, two years from now. And we do have those videos. I'll give you an example. We have a video on the best AI SEO writer. The second bucket is news relevant type videos that get a lot of views in the first two or three days and then die out. These are basically a new Google update comes out. This is good to get a bunch of subs and a bunch of new eyeballs onto your channel which then you can funnel into your products or services. Then the third is just sort of viral like Mr. Beast like videos but applied to software which is quite hard to do. Then we just do that over and over again. The issue with that is that I'm just one so I'm sort of capped as to how many videos I can do. And so I say this to say that this goes into the second part of the strategy which was how can I multiply myself? And so what I did then was I created a bunch of YouTube channels. Vasco SEO tips, Tim SEO guru, SEO news, whatever. I had all these channels we owned. And so then I had to find creators because my goal was to have all channels and post a creator in each one of those channels. The wrong way to go about finding creators is going and finding creators because they're very expensive and they have a big ego. And so what I did was let me find people who I think can become creators. So I went on Upwork and I skimmed through people's profiles who for example had a video. Having a video on your Upwork profile tells me that you're sort of comfortable in front of the camera. So I went and went after those guys. And so all in all, I had all these channels and I paid people per performance and I paid people per uh per video. On top of that, why not expand to other languages? So we found Portuguese creators, we found Spanish ones just like Mr. Vist does with these channels. After you've done step one and two, you want to focus on the third step, which is scaling and expanding with paid ads. Most of your videos graphs will look like this. They go up, get views, and then they stagnate and get no more views. And so what I've noticed was that when we were getting views, we were getting sales. And then when the views stagnated, we stopped getting sales. I didn't felt like recording the same video over and over again just to get those initial views. And I think that's where paid ads came in. So on YouTube, you can run what's called infeed ads. These ads appear in um two places. First one is on on your YouTube homepage. And then when you're watching a video, it shows up on the right hand sidebar. So they look like organic pieces of content. I took the videos who performed well, who got views, got sales, and then stagnated and I paid YouTube for infeed ads. The issue with YouTube and YouTube ads as well is that it's very hard to track. To track YouTube organic, what we've done is three things. First one again is have a dedicated UTM in each video. If maybe 1% of people click the links in the description, you know that they came from that video. Something else we did to increase the tracking accuracy was have a dedicated coupon in each video. I would say something like, "Hey guys, if you want to check out arvogar.com and by the way, if you want a coupon code, just click the little chat bubble at the bottom and ask the guys from support saying, "Hey, Vasco told me I can get a coupon code. I came from this video. Give me a coupon code." And third thing, if you go on to arbor right now, if you sign up, we have like a welcome questioner where if you select you came from YouTube, a bunch of our channels faces pop up. So, you can choose which creator you came from. When I mentioned about scaling with paid ads, you have to be careful because you never know if you're not promoting a video that's not bringing in many sales. Two extra tips on CTAs. before I was doing the call to action at the end of the video and that doesn't make any sense because most people don't watch all the way through. So just the simple fact of moving the CTA towards the beginning and the middle of the video just increased our numbers of of signups by by a lot. Second thing is don't just make generic call to actions like uh yeah just go check out the website. What we've been doing is we create specific call to actions. So we make them sort of interactive not just a generic one and prompting them to do an action inside of the site. That's it. I think your strategy is really smart. You built this awesome tool and then you use YouTube to grow the business. But it still reminds me, you can't make YouTube videos about a product that doesn't exist. If you watching this don't have something built yet, all the content strategy in the world won't help you. And this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. It's our flagship program where you will learn how to build and launch your project using AI coding tools in just a couple weeks. You'll get access to our build experts. You'll join thousands of other builders and you'll learn our complete framework for building and shipping apps. Once you have something built, then you can go start creating YouTube videos just like Basco did. So, if you're ready to build, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, Vasco, let's get to the next question. I would love if you could actually show me a real example from your YouTube channels for your business. Can you show me a YouTube video that kind of changed your business? >> Yeah, sure. I guess this is the very first one where I realized the power of YouTube which again this was posted I think 2 years ago. It's a video on how to make a Wikipedia page. It's a very bad tutorial but still till this day it gets 1.2 million impressions. I think around 300 views every single day. 65% of traffic comes from YouTube search. How to create a Wikipedia page, how to make a Wikipedia page. 20% of the traffic comes from Google search. Not only does a video rank on YouTube, it also ranks on Google. And I can go on to the LLM type of things because nowadays we see a bunch of our videos being recommended in these LLMs. So if I can give any tips is to yes build out these evergreen videos. Granted though it's very important to know that mix up these evergreen ones with sharing case studies, sharing news, just produce valuable content and know that there's some chance that those videos can become evergreen in the long run. >> Okay, thanks for sharing those real examples. My next question for you for anyone watching this that wants to do this YouTube thing to build a business through YouTube content, what would be your advice on how to get started if you're getting started right now in 2025? >> I think as cliche as it sounds, like with anything, you have to be consistent and do a lot of volume. I think Alexis said this, it's very difficult that you do something a lot of times for a long period of time and you don't see success. So for YouTube, what I advise is, okay, just post a video every single day for 45 days. Most people will watch this and won't do it. The rest of the people will try to do it and will stop after a week. Maybe like one or two people out of all them will actually do it. And those who do it will actually see success. If any viewers watching this and does a video on YouTube for 45 days, if they don't make at least $5,000, I'll just PayPal you $500. By the way, don't think that you need to have these very polished videos, right? all our videos that got this from literally zero to 70k MR just myself in my basement recording just a micro board like a whiteboard going over valuable stuff. Well, on that note, I think that's cool. You know, starting small, just using Loom. What are the tools that you use and would recommend other people to use if they want to be recording every day, creating lots of content on YouTube. >> You don't need much. You need Loom. Get the premium version so you can record in HD. You need Myro. That's the whiteboard I use. Then you need some sort of way to edit the videos. I use Camtasia. I think you should put more work and more effort into the hardware than the software. Have a good mic, have a good uh camera, and have good lighting. So, a regular running light or mic. I use this Sure SM7B. That's it. Don't over complicate it. I think the hardest part is getting going. >> Okay, cool. I mean, that's a nice stack. Last question that we have for everyone who comes on starter story. If you could go back in time, stand on young Vasco's shoulder when you were just getting started out or for anyone who's watching this that wants to do what you did, build a million-dollar SAS, what would be your advice? I think it's very important to know that this is very hard. This is very difficult. The best piece of advice I can give you is that to increase your chances of succeeding, is you have to work very hard. I did 20 to 30 minute videos every single day for almost a year. Who's willing to do that? To be in the 1%, you have to be willing to do what the other 99% of people aren't willing to do. >> There are no shortcuts. I believe that. Thanks for coming on, Vasco. I love the business that you built. Thanks for sharing this whole YouTube thing, sharing those YouTube videos that you've created. I think people are going to love this. If you enjoyed this video and you're watching this, let me know if you want to have Vasco back on and we can go deeper into the YouTube playbook. So, put a comment down there if you want to see that. We can do it. Otherwise, thanks for coming on, Vasco, and we'll see you soon. >> Cheers. >> All right. I want to thank Vasco again for coming on to the channel. I'm a huge fan of YouTube, obviously, and I think his YouTube strategy is genius. So, congrats on the success, Vasco. But I do have to remind you, if you're watching this, that all of this still starts by building something. Without a product, you'll have nothing to promote. And that's why we launched Starter Story Build. We'll help you build and ship your idea faster than ever before. And in just a few weeks, you'll have a full working app ready to share with the world. So, if you're interested, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO hKqLceTPLWM =====
TITLE: The $1M Mobile App Playbook
DURATION: 1435.0
TRANSCRIPT:
What if I told you that success has nothing to do with coding? Well, what I'm going to share with you today is the difference between apps that make millions and apps that die with zero downloads. Don't believe me? Well, here's proof. Meet Steven, a founder who took his mobile app from 0 to $40,000 MR and then sold it for a life-changing amount. Steven's not a famous influencer. He's an actual founder in the arena who discovered a playbook that changed his life forever. You might remember him from his last starter story video. Well, that video got a million views and I asked him if he wanted to come back on the channel. I said, "Dude, why don't you come on again, but this time share the full story. Not the surface level stuff, but the actual spreadsheets, the exact viral videos, and everything that took you from zero to exit." He said yes. And that's what you're about to see right now. His 10-minute viral validation method. exactly how to go from 0 to 50 million views for free from your apartment and his simple strategy to turn $1 into $2 in scale using paid ads. If you don't want to end up on page 500 of the app store, well, get out your pen and paper and enjoy the million-doll app playbook by Starter Story. Welcome back to the channel, Stephen. If you can remind the viewers of what you built and what we're going to be talking about today. >> Thank you, man. It's a pleasure to be back on the channel. I'm Steven. I have built, scaled, and exited multiple mobile apps for millions of dollars in revenue. Last time I was on the channel, I talked about how I built Puff Count, my quit vaping app, scaled it to $44,000 in monthly recurring revenue before exiting the company and selling it to a larger mobile app studio in Europe. And today, we're going to be talking about the most important part of building mobile apps, which is marketing. >> Nice. Big reason why I wanted to bring you back on the channel is you were going to come on and talk about your three-phase marketing framework. First, before we dive in and get really into the nitty-gritty details, can you give me like the high level of what we're going to go over today? >> Yeah, 100%. Like I said, every mobile app that you build should be approached from a marketing first standpoint because as long as you can market your product, you will make money. And if your product is not marketable, you could have the best product in the world, but if no one knows about it, you're never going to make any money. It's never going to be a successful business. Marketing should always come first. To do that, first we do market research. we understand what's going viral in our niche, what content is working in our niche and that we can also use that to validate the product in general. Once we have the product validated and we start building it, then we can go into the market research and start to identify what type of content formats we want to recreate. This is exactly what I did for PuffCount. This is the entire reason that I was successful with PuffCount is because I did market research in the quit vaping niche on Tik Tok and I simply took inspiration from those videos. I posted them organically and then scaled the winners with paid ads. So, we have market research, post volume, organically, scale the winners with paid ads. That is the three-step framework in a nutshell. >> Cool. All right. Well, let's dive into phase one, which is market research. I'd love if you gave me the step-by-step playbook if you were starting over today and you are someone who's looking for the idea. I always like to start thinking of ideas and validating ideas by solving a problem for a large number of people, right? Vaping was a problem that I experienced in my daily life. When I was in college, all my friends got addicted to vaping. I got swept up in the habit. So, you know, I knew it was a painful problem. And I also saw vaping going mega viral on TikTok. It's controversial. It's viral. And I was solving a problem for people. Those three points together will make a killer product. >> Cool. If you were starting over today and everything you've learned with the apps that you've built, how do you approach this phase to know that you're building the right thing? >> Here's what we're going to do. We're going to pull out our phones. We're going to go to Tik Tok and type in any keywords related to our niche. And then what you can do, tap the three dots in the top right and then you can filter by most liked videos of all time. This is your market research. We'll take Puff Count, my previous app, as an example. You type in quit vaping on Tik Tok and then you go to videos and you can see that these videos, some of these videos have gone insanely viral. We have 1.3 million likes here. We have 3.7 million likes here, right? So, this is our market research. Let's click into one here and let's see if we can find some similarities between this content and some of the content that I created here in this video. They're dropping their vapes in a glass of water. And if we go to the Puff Count profile, you can see that we were doing that. That was one of our bread and butter. 33,000 views. It's me dunking a vape into a glass of water. This is not my original idea. I was not the first person on TikTok to put a vape in a glass of water. But I did the market research. I understood that that content was resonating with my ideal target audience. And I used that concept and created my own videos. And then my next part of the process, it's very high-tech here. So this is my market research strategy. I take exactly what I found on Tik Tok and I put them all into a spreadsheet. >> That was great. So once you identify that this is a problem we're solving, I'd love if you could actually walk me through documenting in that spreadsheet on a specific Tik Tok video. So let's go through this process together. Again, step one is going on Tik Tok, typing in your keywords, and finding viral videos. So we'll take this one for example that got 3.7 million organic likes, right? So, what we'll do is we will copy and paste this URL into your spreadsheet here. And then what we really want to do is we want to understand why this video went viral. And every viral video has three key points. The hook, the story line, and the call to action. So, let's go ahead and watch this video today. >> So, I just quit vaping like an hour ago. I made the decision. >> Okay. So, she starts off holding her phone. There's a little bit of action, a little bit of movement going. And she starts off by saying, "I just decided to quit vaping an hour ago." So, we're going to write that as the hook. And I think it's always nice to take note of the way she shot the video as well. So, holding camera, walking, then sets camera down. These small little details in the video are actually very important. You want to replicate and take inspiration from these as close as possible. Right? There's a reason she started this video while walking and then set it down in front of her, right? and it it was part of the hook and this video went viral. So, we're going to use that. And as you can see, she sits down in front of six glasses of water. So, we could even add that onto the hook, right? And then sets camera down in front of six glasses of water. We want to take note of all of this stuff. And now she's going to get into her story. So, let's continue watching. >> I have been vaping for 7 years. And this is very symbolic because I have seven vapes. >> Okay. She's talking about how she's been vaping for seven years. And she has seven different types of vapes. She has her emergency vape, her walking vape, her car vape, her work vape. And obviously, she's exaggerating here. This girl is so good at making content. Like, every every single shot and every single talking point was clearly calculated here. >> And I've been wanting to quit for three or four of those. >> So, she is talking about her quitting journey. Talking about her quitting journey and history vaping while dropping the vapes into glasses of water. irritable, unmotivated. All I did was lay in bed and cry. >> She's also talking about the pain points here. She's talking about how all she would do is lay in bed, vape, cry, cough, and feel terrible. This video is 2 minutes long. I don't think your Tik Toks need to be 2 minutes long. But if you can make them that long, great. >> I did do this 15 minutes ago. I didn't want to wait for it to deliver, so I got the audio book. >> Here is the call to action. Most importantly, she got an audio book. Okay. The Easy Way to Quit Vaping by Alan Carr. There it is. the call to action of the video. So, in her call to action or solution, she talks about uh chewing gum, uh eating mints, and the audio book by some author. Now, we know that this video in reality was an ad because she is pitching this audio book by Alan Carr, she said, right? So, we know that she was promoting this book in her video and she crushed it. The call to action at the end of the video really quickly, really subtly, makes it feel super organic, doesn't feel salesy at all. And those are the best ads. So again, you know, we could sit here for hours and we could analyze these videos. And this is what you should do. Before I posted a single video on the Puff Count Tik Tok, I scrolled for 7 days straight. I saved all the videos to the market research just like this. And after 7 days of scrolling, analyzing, and understanding what goes viral in your niche and why it goes viral in your niche, you will be so much better at creating content. Cool. So, we got our first video research row of our spreadsheet here. We're going to go through and spend some days actually just writing these out. We're not going to use too much AI. We're going to write this and really understand the problems in our niche, content ideas, and that sort of thing. This is the research side, which I really, really like. What's next? How do we go from research to actually creating content? Okay, now we're going to get into phase two, which is the actual creation of this content and growing your channel. By following this organic growth framework, I grew the PuffCount account to 120,000 followers, over 50 million views, and hundreds of thousands of app store installs, all for $0. So, when you're creating this content, there is a proven framework to follow. And that framework is hook, problem, solution, or call to action. Obviously, the hook is the most important part. You need to capture that attention in the first 3 seconds. And I can show an example, one of my most viral videos. This one got 5 million views. I'm shaking this glass bowl of empty vapes. There's so many different elements of this hook and we did this intentionally. Number one, there's a sound hook. We're shaking the glass with vapes in it. There's some crazy sounds going on. And then boom, we hop right into the concept of the video. And then you want to present the problem or the story line clearly. So, what are we doing in this video? We're paying people to ditch their vapes. Why? Because vapes are unhealthy. And then, of course, at the end of the video, we're going to have a quick 2- second call to action. The 2-C call to action, simply showing the product in your video, works so well because if people miss that, they have to rewatch your video again and it creates an engagement loop. People on Tik Tok do not want to be watching ads. They want to be entertained. They want to be educated. They want to be informed. Your entire app is going to be a funnel, right? And at the very top of the funnel, we have your Tik Tok video or your Tik Tok views. You don't need to explain every part in your funnel for your video to be effective. All you have to do is take the person from your Tik Tok video to the app store. That's exactly what all these videos do, right? There's no there's no explanation of the product. There's no explaining the features. So, if you can do that with your content and present a sly, organic feeling call to action, you will crush. Steven is the perfect example of how someone can turn a simple app idea into a million-doll business. But that comes with finding the right idea and knowing how to validate it. Well, you're in luck because I've studied thousands of app ideas, making millions, and spent hours obsessing over what works, what fails, and what separates the winners from the rest. And today, I'm going to share the entire database of ideas with you for free. 50 plus validated AI app ideas, what problem they solve, how much money they make, and how they grew. All backed by reallife case studies. This is basically a gold mine of profitable, simple AI apps on the internet right now. So, if you're serious about building an app that can make money like Steven, hit the first link in the description and grab it for free. Hopefully, this helps you find your next big idea. All right, let's get back to Steven. All right. Well, the next question that I have for you is, you know, once you start posting stuff, creating stuff, which is a big learning curve for a lot of people, especially putting themselves out on short form video for the first time. What's the posting strategy of this? You mentioned you do videos one time a day. What would you do if you were starting today? What do you recommend? Uh is what time to post, how much to post, and when to know when to stop. The posting strategy. This is where I see a lot of people fail, right? Because in the beginning, it's going to be slow. In the beginning, it's going to be hard to get that first viral pop. But the most important thing is staying consistent. Whether you're posting, whether you're getting creators to post, you need to stay consistent with it, right? Don't worry about the time that you post the content. all the small little details of the content. Do not be a perfectionist. Your goal here is volume. Your goal here is knowing generally what direction your content should be going. You're just looking for that first viral video. The way to get there is by posting volume. Volume negates luck, right? So, you need to be posting as much as possible. And when you get a video that pops off, recreate that concept. If you look at the most viral people on Tik Tok, let's forget about businesses for a second. Let's think about just creators, influencers. The most viral people on Tik Tok, on YouTube, they do the same style of video over and over and over again. There's a reason they do that. And we could take a page out of their playbook and we could do the same thing for our app. The most important part is to stay consistent. Post every single day. Post based on your market research. It'll give you a much better chance of going viral. And then once you do find a video that pops off for you, continue to recreate that video. It will become easier and easier for you. An important thing too is once you get that first viral video, the floor of the amount of views that you get will increase over time because the platforms trust you more and there's more engagement to your videos so they will be shown more. All it takes is that first viral video to get you out of that 200 view jail. And also, if you're posting on one platform, why not post on all of them? Download the videos, post them on Tik Tok, post them on Instagram reels, post them on YouTube shorts, post them on Twitter. Twitter is so slept on. Do not sleep on Twitter as a distribution. As you start to create more and more content, you're going to understand some formats don't drive high intent installs. They don't drive any conversions for you. There's one example that comes to mind. Yeah. So, this video here got 11.6 million views, close to a million likes, and it drove me close to no installs. Number one, because I didn't have a call to action, but number two, you know, I'm not really talking about any pain points here. There's not a lot going on. It was kind of a bad video in terms of conversions. It was great for the account and great for driving views and and followers and shares and engagement and stuff like that. But this didn't really drive installs for me. And I think it's important to keep track of that. And you can see here, you know, there's two videos. These were my two highest converting videos in terms of installs and sales on PuffCount. So I pinned those to the top of my profile. And you'll see these are very different styles of video. Again, these follow our proven framework of hook storyline solution. I pinned these videos on my profile because they drove the highest amount of conversions. Your profile itself will become its own funnel. So, everyone who visits my profile now is going to watch these two pinned videos for sure because they're the first videos that show up. And I chose to pin these videos because they were the highest converting videos. And what I've come to find is the highest converting videos for me personally were public interviews, simple product demos like this video. There's trend hijacking as well. And you can also have the problem solution narratives like this video here. All right, so we've gone through the content creation phase, which is probably the hardest phase. If you can get through this and create viral formats that work, you're pretty much set. But you can't create content yourself forever. So, what's the next step after that to really truly grow, build something that you can sell like you did for Puff Cat? Pat, I'm so glad you asked. So, we finished phase two. We have this library of organic content and now we want to scale. There's a couple different ways to scale. You yourself, you can go beast mode. You could post a,000 videos a day, but that's not very likely. You can hire and outsource creators, which is easier said than done. I think everybody's going through a super distortive process to hire creators right now. You have to email a thousand of them. Only one gets back to you and they give you some outrageous price. But that is exactly why I built my next product which is posted. On posted, what we did was we made connecting with creators as easy as possible. So this is the best way to work with creators. We have this feature called deals. For example, you create a project brief. You explain what your product is. You have some rules for the content you want. You could choose where you want the creators to be from. And then you have your inspiration content right here. Going back to our market research, this is where we give the creators our market research. We tell the creators what videos are going viral in our niche, what's working in our niche, and then creators will actually submit videos to your deal for free. So, for example, this creator submitted this video to my deal and I can watch it for free. And this is what the creator wants to be paid. I can approve this piece of content or I can reject this piece of content and I can ask for another price or whatever it is. But you can see all these creators made videos for my product for free. And there's all different types of bids, right? This one wants $40. This one wants $50. This one wants 100. So, you can scroll through these, approve or deny, you only pay for the ones that you love. And then when you do choose one and you do pay for one, you own the video itself and you own the ad code so that you can scale it further on paid ads. For example, this creator right here who has 552,000 followers, she made a post for us for 110 bucks. It got 30,000 views. This creator here with 2.7 million followers, 110 bucks a video. or this creator right here who only had 768 followers but made an amazing piece of content for us that got 53,000 views. And again, you know, we own these videos for life. Copy the ad code and scale further on paid ads using meta or Tik Tok ads. The first thing that we need to do is start giving data into these paid ad platforms cuz Tik Tok and and Facebook or any paid ad platform doesn't have enough data on your app yet. So, you will need an MMP, a mobile measurement partner to send these events into the paid ad platforms. Adjust is a great one. Appsfire is a great one, but we need to feed the paid ad platforms with enough data, right? So, your first campaign cannot be a purchase campaign. You can't optimize for those users just quite yet because Tik Tok and Facebook don't really know who those users are yet. CAC is your customer acquisition cost. So, with all of our content and all of our paid ads, our customer acquisition cost on PuffCount was anywhere around 20 to $24. And our lifetime value was anywhere from $55 to upwards of $70 per conversion. So, that was profitable math for us. We knew that if we put $1 into paid ads, it would get $2, sometimes even more, out on the other end. So, here you'll see our paid ads dashboard. We spent a total of $82,000 on our paid ads before exiting the business. This is how we scaled from 3K to $44,000 in monthly recurring revenue. And you can see here, look at the cost per click. 3 cents, 18 cents, 21 cents, 15 cents, 35 cents, 9 cents. We got these results almost like day one of running ads because we had this library of proven content. We knew exactly what videos we were going to upload to the paid ads dashboard because we had validated it all organically. So, we were spending smarter. And this is our four-step scaling process in order to optimize your paid ads. Everything is a funnel. Just like our Tik Tok videos, Tik Tok profile itself is a funnel. So are paid ads. If you think of everything as a funnel, it becomes so much easier because you don't have to go straight from a view to a sale. That's so hard to do, right? Think of it in a stepby-step process. Everything is a funnel. So at the top of the funnel, we have our views and then obviously we have our clicks. So our views on our paid ads and then people who have clicked our paid ad and then people who have installed our app from our paid ad and then people who have purchased from our paid ad. And your views are going to be top of funnel and the sales are going to be at the absolute bottom of the funnel. And inherently there's going to be less people who purchase your product compared to the amount of people that view your product. So, when you're starting on paid ads, it's very important that you fill up each step of the funnel first before you start to optimize for the bottom. So, first we're going to optimize for views and then we're going to optimize for clicks on those ads and then we're going to optimize for installs and then trials and then subscriptions. These are all different events that you can optimize for in your paid ads. Depending on which event you target and optimize for, the cost and the return on that spend will change a ton. So you fill the ad platforms with enough data so that eventually you can start to target your trials and subscriptions. And as far as the platform strategy goes with paid ads, it really depends and it's different for every app, right? From my experience with PuffCount, Tik Tok was much cheaper traffic, but the quality of the traffic was a little bit lower. Whereas on Meta, the traffic was more expensive, but the quality was a bit higher. Facebook and Tik Tok are really the only two places that you should start running paid ads. Ultimately, you can test both depending on your budget. I think it's important to lock down one paid ad platform at first because again, you need to fill these ad platforms with as much data as possible for them to be the most effective. So, if you're splitting your budget everywhere and you're spending $5 here and $10 there, it's not really going to work for you. I would try to focus on one platform in the beginning until you lock it down, you nail it down, you scale your budget, and then you can shift to another paid ad platform. For me personally, we scaled most of our spend on Tik Tok ads. And that was because all of our content that we used on our paid ads was made for Tik Tok. I was in my apartment making Tik Toks all day. So naturally, where our content performed the best when we scaled on paid. And a lot of people are scared of paid ads and they don't want to do it. But Facebook and and Tik Tok are some of the most profitable companies in the world for a reason. It's because paid ads work. It's because companies are using this. It'll make it so much easier for you to scale. I'm a solopreneur. I'm bootstrapping these products. I don't want to waste my money on paid ads. And you don't have to. You just need to identify what content goes viral organically and then you can spend confidently on paid ads and feel way more confident that you're going to get a return on your ad spend. And paid ads are so great because you can optimize for certain events in your videos. And this is really where your content creation skills and validating the content organically comes into play because for our specific paid ad strategy, we are optimizing for the people who are most likely to purchase. So, we're tracking all these events on Tik Tok ads, on Facebook ads, and we are telling Facebook and Tik Tok, go find us more people who are most likely to purchase our product. With the killer organic content library that we had, telling Facebook and Tik Tok to optimize for certain events inside our app, those are the two things we needed to crush with paid ads. We were profitable almost instantly while running paid ads. And we were able to scale very quickly because we had done all the work up front. And not only that, you can have a call to action in your videos. my view to install rate skyrocketed. Obviously, running paid ads because Tik Tok will give you a call to action on the video if you're running paid ads in an organic piece of content if you're not running paid ads. You have to rely on someone going to the app store, searching in your product. That's a lot more effort. Although you're spending for this reach, the reach is much more effective on paid ads. The campaign structure on your paid ads is very, very important. Again, we want to upload our best performing organic videos and then we simply let the platforms optimize. Again, when you're starting, you want to optimize for the top of funnel. And as you get more data and more spend into these ad platforms, you can start to optimize for the bottom of the funnel. And it's very important to track everything. And use analytics tools like Superwall or like Revenue Cat. You can effectively track your cost per install, your trial conversion rate, your subscription rate, your retention rate, and most importantly, your lifetime value. The lifetime value of every customer that comes into your app because that is your northstar metric. That is your golden metric. Because Tik Tok will tell you how much it costs to acquire those customers, but you need to understand what their lifetime value is. You want to increase the lifetime value of your customers so you can spend more to acquire those customers. And if you can get to a 3:1 CAC to LTV ratio, congratulations. You've built a money printing machine. So that's it in a nutshell. That is our three-step process that helped us scale PuffCount to $44,000 in monthly recurring revenue before exiting the business to a larger mobile app studio in Europe. That's it. You start with market research. You give yourself the best chance to go viral. You start posting consistently. Hire creators and start to validate content organically. And then you take your best performers and put them on paid ads so that you can scale. Well, thank you for sharing your playbook, Stephen. This was amazing. It's super cool to have someone who has actually done this. You showed all your examples from Puff Count. You didn't hold anything back. This is a business that changed your life and it's super cool to see the behind the scenes of it. So, thank you for sharing. And if you are watching this right now, we want to bring Stephen back on the channel for hopefully a third time. So if you have any questions for Stephen, put them in the comments. Hopefully we'll have you back on for a third time. >> Our next video is going to be in person, Pat. >> Oh yeah, we will make sure to do a video live IRL. >> I'll be back for the third one because I'm going to sell my third company. Maybe that'll be our next video. >> And that's what it takes these days. So thanks for coming on, Stephen, sharing all this. You're awesome, man. >> Absolutely, Pat. Thank you for having me, bro. >> I hope you enjoyed this video and got some inspiration from Steven's story. But real quick, I want to remind you the whole point of these videos is to help you find an idea and actually build it. Learning is cool, but action is what will get you that dream outcome. And with AI tools getting better and better every day, it's never been easier to get started. You can spin up a working app in just a few hours and start turning that into a real business. If you're looking for a proven system or road map to build with AI, then definitely check out Starter Story Build. Our programs will help you find an idea, build it with AI, and ship it to the real world fast. Just click the first link in the description if you want to learn more. Thanks again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.
