# starter — batch 4 (28 videos)


===== VIDEO laRliIVNZgU =====
TITLE: I Quit YouTube & Built a $1M App (Without My Audience)
DURATION: 956.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I decided like I didn't want to do it anymore. So, I basically just went ghost on the internet because I wanted to build something real that was detached from my face. Remember this guy, Sebastian Georgu? If you've been around YouTube the last few years, you might have seen him flashing cars, flexing on camera, making millions, and building a YouTube channel that hit nearly 1 million subscribers. But then he disappeared. No uploads, no flexing, just gone. So I reached out, bro, what happened? And what he told me completely blew my mind. Instead of doubling down on being an influencer, Sebastian walked away from it completely. He decided to build a software business behind the scenes, no YouTube, no personal brand. And today, that business is doing hundreds of thousands of revenue with a team of 10 people. I brought Sebastian onto the channel to talk about it, and he shares why he walked away from being an influencer at his peak, what he learned in the process about the pros and cons of building an audience-based business, and how he proved to himself that he could build a real business. This was an awesome conversation, and I hope you enjoy it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. [Music] All right, Sebastian, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you build, and what's your story. >> My name is Sebastian Georgu, and I've been doing online business for quite some time now. I started out with drop shipping and e-commerce, and I got into YouTube not too long after that, but currently I'm doing uh software, SAS. That's my latest venture. Today, we are a team of 10 plus people, and we're generating multi6 figures a month in recurring revenue. We're well on our way in the direction that I I wanted to go in and the direction that I set out when I stopped posting. All right. All right. Well, to be honest, Sebastian, we don't usually bring on big influencers in the space. You have a million subscribers on YouTube, but there's a reason for that. You decided to build a software business without using your personal brand. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? >> Yeah, so, you know, after this last stint of posting content on the internet and going mega viral, you know, I had this this feeling like I had to basically turn on a camera and talk and get attention in order to make money. And like most of my income was tied to that. I really wanted to break away from that. I really wanted to break that chain and I set out to build like this real SAS company and I didn't want to do it in a way where I was going to use my personal brand to make videos and talk about the SAS. Um, I wanted to do it like the cave way where I just lock myself in my room and build it the hard way and grow it naturally. And that's exactly what I did. >> All right. Well, before we get into this business that you built, I do want to go back. What was it like building an audience-based business and being a huge influencer in the space? Um, it's kind of the dream that a lot of people have growing up and watching Jake Paul or like all these influencers like just blow up and become famous and make so much money and live in these cool places and hang out with cool people. Anything I did would make money and would do well as long as I was talking about it. But there was sometimes like a little bit of a mismatch, right? Like people would think that you're this person, but deep down you're really actually this person. And sometimes those would deviate and you wouldn't feel so aligned with like your internet personality. But it was cool all around. It was a great experience. It's like I I look back and I don't regret it at all. It was really fun. >> I think what you had is amazing. I think a lot of people watching this would kill to be in your position to be able to have millions of subscribers. You can build pretty much anything and someone will probably buy. I guess my question to you is why did you decide to stop making videos and really kind of go silent? >> Yeah. So, I didn't want to post videos anymore. And I I think that the fundamental reason why was because I felt very misaligned when I was making this type of content. I was making content and I was being someone that either I a didn't want to be or b didn't feel like I truly was. I had this clip that went viral on Tik Tok. Well, it went viral everywhere and it was like the Lamborghini clip. If you're a guy in your 20s and you don't have a Lamborghini, you should actually sit down and have like a serious discussion with yourself as to why you don't have a Lambo. I looked at like how many impressions it had on Twitter, just Twitter alone, and it was like a 100 million. Vox did like a piece on me. I got two Fox interviews. So, obviously that clip made me a lot of money. But what I realized through this last stint of going like as viral as I ever have was that I don't really want to be the guy that says all these controversial things. I wasn't desperate then, but I was like, I really would like to build something that doesn't have my face attached to it. I would really like to build something in a way that it will continue to grow and pay me dividends even if I never have to turn a camera on again. So, that's kind of when I started to transition. >> Okay. So you decide to go and basically start over, build a totally different business. Why did you decide to build a SAS business? >> The first reason was that as I started to learn more about SAS, I predicted that if I had just built my SAS business on the back of my personal brand and me telling my own fans to buy it, it wouldn't survive in the wild. When I say wild, I mean in the market and among the competition of other SAS companies that would build similar products as mine. And I also saw that other influencers that started SAS businesses, you know, they come and go. I wanted to prevent that and avoid that if I could. And I thought that building this product in the wild and creating something that was truly good enough for people to adopt and pay for it naturally and share with their friends naturally and to get people talking about it without me convincing them to. I thought that was a better strategy. The second reason why is because honestly, I wanted to prove it to myself. People always saw me as this business guy and I had influencer businesses, but I never truly felt like a good competitive player in the space. So, part of me was just like, you know what, I'm going to do this. Like, I know I can do it. I can do anything I want. So, I went all in literally all chips on the table, which was super risky um into a new area, but it worked. I mean, we hit 250K in June a couple months ago. Now, the business is on a on a growing and sustainable path. >> All right. So, you decided to build this software business, but how did you vibe code this? Did you hire a developer? How did you actually build this thing? >> I had a co-founder. Neither of us were technical. You know, we've hired a lot of developers. A lot of them weren't very good because we didn't know what we were doing. But every time we made a good hire, the boat lifted for everyone. You know what I mean? And then in January of this year, I literally chucked myself into the deep end of the water. I bought out my co-founder for a lot of money at the time. And that was when we were at like 13 or 14K MR. It was extremely scary. And I remember putting it in my notes. I put on January 6th, I bet everything on myself. I also wrote like a revenue target. And funny enough, the revenue target right under that note was, you know, exactly what you need to do to get to 250K a month in recurring revenue. So, just lock in and do it one thing at a time. And now we've gotten to a point where we're pretty lean team, but all of the engineers, they're all like the best we've ever seen. They're really, really good. And that being said, it still is incredibly hard to find talent. And so if anyone is watching this, we're always willing to work with talented people. So if you're a designer, if you're a developer, even if you're good at CRO, any sort of value you think you could provide in that area, definitely reach out to us. We'd love to talk to anyone. Okay. So what I really want to kind of talk about, and I think you might be one of the only people that's done both. You've built an audience-based business, million subscribers on YouTube, and then you've built a completely different business that didn't really rely on your personal brand. I want to ask you the question, do you think that audience really matters when it comes to building software or any sort of online business in 2025? >> You could do it with an audience. You could do it without an audience as well. But there's no question about it. No doubt. Audience makes everything way easier. And it was that case for me too. Like I said, I didn't post videos on my YouTube channel and directly drive traffic to the software, but I did use my personal brand as a leverage a lot. I mean, people knew who I was. It was easy for me to reach out to people. You know, developers did want to work with me from time to time. If I made a post on Twitter about hiring people, I would get applications. And I think that also definitely contributes quite a bit to how fast we were able to do it and like the speed at which we're going. So, it doesn't matter in the end because like I said, you can do it no matter what, but having an audience definitely definitely makes it easier. >> Okay. I mean, we kind of talked about the pros and the cons of being an influencer and being big in the space and building a business around that, but what are the cons or the downsides that you noticed of building a product based business without a big sort of audience basis? >> Well, I'll start with the cons. The cons are you're going from like an audience from applause to straight performance. like you have to be straight competent. That's all that it is. You need to be working all the time a lot more. You're going to have stress. You're going to have problems. You're going to have payroll. It's way harder. But the pro is that it's just way way more fulfilling. And you have freedom, like genuine freedom. And if you have a business that's attached to your face and a personal brand, you are kind of cuffed to the camera in a way. So, I wanted to break that chain for myself. That's kind of like the the tail end of like the journey or the path that I'm on now. >> All right, before we go back to Sebastian's story, let's talk about the bigger lesson here. He built a business that makes hundreds of thousands of dollars per month without his YouTube audience, which proves that what really matters is finding an idea that people actually want and just shipping it. And that's exactly why we created Starter Story Build. It's our program where we help you take a simple idea, build it with AI coding tools, and actually ship it to the world. You don't need to have a million subscribers or even a big following at all. With AI, you can build and launch your first app in days, not years. And we'll guide you through it step by step. If you're ready to stop waiting and actually start building, check out Starter Story Build. The first link is in the description. Now, let's get back to Sebastian. What I think is really cool and what you're talking about a lot is this sort of identity change that you went through once you decided to drop the sort of influencer based business and go to a business that didn't use it. Uh, how did that feel in that moment and what was hard about it? >> Yeah, it's a good question. It was really hard, especially when I felt like I didn't want to post anymore on the internet and I didn't want to turn on a camera anymore and I was like, well, how am I going to make money if I don't do that? You know what I mean? Like, how am I going to make money if I don't monetize attention? And I was like kind of a burn the boats moment where it's like I'm either going to swim or drown. >> Well, thanks for sharing that. If you were starting over from scratch, would you go build that audience, build in public, or would you go behind the scenes operator mode like you're doing today? >> If you're going to build an audience, you have to be talking about something. That's the only way I built mine. You can start a business that you like, build an audience, don't get carried away in the audience side of things. Always focus on the business. At one point, when you can sustainably live off the income from the business, double down on that and go all in on the business. It's going to be hard for people because it's more of a long-term play versus a short-term play. If you get to a point where you have like a business that let's say you're making 10k a month and you have an audience and you're making 10 20k a month, there's going to be a moment where you have to pick. It's like, do I tweet more? Do I make an info product? Do I look out for sponsors or do I code more and do this? And one of those things is going to bring you very quick cash and it's very shortterm. The other one is going to be better for you long term. And I would advise people to try to stay on the long-term path instead of the short-term path. >> I mean, that's great. Without a personal brand, how did you actually grow this business? How did you take this business from zero to 250K in about 9 months? What were the actual marketing channels? >> Yeah, the way we got it off the ground was we would share it with some people. People would use it in like Discord communities a little bit to help out. We kept on improving it. We kept on listening to the customers and it grew to 10K a month fairly organically as it got to a much better place and to a good place where we felt pretty confident. We reached out to a couple people on YouTube to make videos about it. And then we started up with short form content. So at first we weren't getting any views um but we were studying like what others were doing and then we created a system with content that would get a lot of views and go viral and bring a lot of awareness to the brand. And then eventually we started paid ads as well. All of these things started to reinforce each other together and they built like a flywheel of some sort where somebody would make a YouTube video and then like we would have shorts made of that video. We'd post the shorts. Uh we would have ads made with that video. We would use ads and then people would kind of start to see it everywhere. So YouTube videos, short form content and paid ads makes up 60 to 65% of our total traffic. Of course, we have affiliates chatbt. If you ask the right questions, you will get put up in Chadbt. SEO, of course, it's ranking quite high now. Like the app store itself brings in traffic as well. People just searching for the tools. It's very diverse. What I think is sort of interesting about that is the growth channels here are content, right? YouTube short form content and paid ads, which is probably a lot of content as well that are being shown as ads. Do you think that all your skills and experience that you'd built up on YouTube helped you in indirect way to build the kind of growth machine for this business? >> Yeah, I mean there's no doubt about it. Like these skills that you build, these people that you know, these things that you learn, they benefit you in some way and it creates like this compounding force that makes you like somebody that's good at business or good at marketing or good at whatever. So, I absolutely absolutely think that everything that I've done has led me to this moment and the reason why it's working is because of everything that I've done and everything that I've gone through. Like 100%. >> Awesome. Well, thank you for sharing that. The last question that I have for you is a question we ask all founders who come on Starter Story. If you could stand on young Sebastian's shoulders, either before you were getting started or when you kind of made this big change in the type of business that you wanted to build, what would be your advice? The biggest thing is um failure is normal, right? So it's in those moments that you fail that you wonder if like are you smart enough? Are you good enough? Do you have what it takes? But that's just part of the process. Every single person fails. And really the most successful people are just the most successful failures. They have the most failures, but they are crazy enough to keep going. And then also I would say never compare yourself to others. Like I know no matter what I say, no matter what I do, people are going to watch this video and some people will be jealous. Some people be like, "Oh, he had it easy. he had his personal brand or a like lucky him like whatever. They're going to compare themselves to me and I would advise you to try to not do that. Everyone in the world does it. I do it all the time. I look at people above me and I feel envious or I feel jealous. What you really should be doing is just comparing yourself to yourself. So, as long as you keep winning, then that's that's all that matters. >> All right. Well, thank you, Sebastian, for coming on the channel. I think that super cool to see your journey going from big creator in the space and now big behind the scenes building an awesome business. Personally, your channel was a huge inspiration for Starter Story. I remember watching your videos and seeing, man, one day we can maybe get to a million subscribers. So, that's super cool. So, thank you for coming on, taking time out of your day, and uh hope people watching this enjoyed it. I just wanted to thank Sebastian again for coming on to the channel. I personally love his story because it shows that followers don't automatically equal a good business. What matters in the long run is building something durable, something people actually want. And I know a lot of you watching want to do the same. So why not start building now? This is why we created Starter Story Build. It's our platform where we will guide you step by step on how to use AI to go from an idea to an app in just a few days. You don't need millions of followers or a huge audience. just an idea and the willingness to try. So, if you're ready to take that first step, just head to the first link in the description to learn more about Starter Story Build. Thank you guys for watching. Let me know what you thought about this in the comments. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO w3zxMrwWrt0 =====
TITLE: This app replaced my 9-5 ($150K/year)
DURATION: 814.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm Chris and I turned a really simple wish list app into a 150k a year business and now 2 months ago I quit my job. >> Meet Chris. He built a simple app that pays him six figures a year. >> I didn't do any marketing the standard way. >> But what's even crazier is that he did it all without having to quit his full-time job. So what did he build? Well, I brought him onto the channel to share everything. How he found an idea worth building on the side. How he structured his days so he could manage it all. and why the app he built was perfect for building a profitable side project. If you're looking to build something on the side while you have a 9 to-ive job, this is the video to watch. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Chris, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi. Uh, I'm Chris and I turned a really simple wishless app into a 150k a year business without a team, without funding, with zero marketing. I just built it as a side project and it grew slowly over time and now two months ago I quit my job. >> I mean I love that you did this as a side project. It's something that I did as well. I started Starter Story while I had a full-time job and we're going to get all into that. But I just want to understand a little bit more about your background. How did you even get into this idea of building a side project? >> Okay, so it all started in I think 2019 back in university and I wanted to work for this cool bike brand. It was quite a cool company. I thought getting into apps was the way to get into these cool startups and they had this job offer as working student for app developer. So I just applied for it even though I couldn't develop apps. Obviously they declined but that just motivated me because they said they like my enthusiasm and that just gave me the boost. That's when I decided to get into app development because I wanted to have these kind of jobs. >> Okay, cool. I like that. Rejection is the ultimate motivation. How do you go from rejection to actually finding this idea for your app that eventually becomes hugely successful? >> I wanted to start app development and the number one project is a to-do list app, but there are 2 million to-do list apps out there. So, I thought I'd do something similar and that was a wish list app because back then I was still using an Excel sheet for my own wish list because I thought there was no nice and pretty wish list app out there. So, a wish list app is basically a nicer version of your notes app for for Christmas. You store all of your wishes and then you can share them with your family. >> Okay. Well, we're going to dive all into wish list apps in a second and exactly how your app works, but again, what I think is super cool about your story is you built this while you're in university, full-time student, and then while you had a full-time job. So, can you just break down what that kind of whole journey looked like? How long had you been building this? And how was that whole process? I've been building wish list for almost six years now. It was 3 years in university and then two and a half years in my full-time job. My usual schedule was getting up at 8:00 and working on my side project for about an hour, but not development but smaller stuff. For example, answering support emails or checking in analytics. And then from 9 to 6, usually I just did my real job. Then from 6:00 to 8, I was doing my personal stuff, sometimes sport. and from 8 to 11 sometimes later I would work again on my side project that worked specifically well in the colder months but in the summer I couldn't really motivate myself to keep developing after a full day of developing so the start of 2025 I negotiated to have a 4 day week to have another full day for wish list >> all right so you did this successfully you were able to quit your full-time job and work for yourself now in this 5-year journey that you went through what were your biggest learnings on how to actually to do this. How to build a side project and take it all the way. >> First, I would say be honest with your employee. Be upfront about your side project cuz that's mutual beneficial. You learn so much at your work and your specific fears. But having a side project means you have to do everything and that's also super beneficial for your work. Uh next thing I would say is use every free time you get. Car rides, train rides. But by using every free time, you should also make sure to prioritize. Never forget your friends, family, your girlfriend. They are key to everything. Third, I would say um use the winter time wisely. In winter, no one's going to say, "Oh, look how nice the weather is outside. How can you be inside coding?" And that will not happen in winter. So, use the winter time wisely. Last, I really started to like uh working holidays because that just combines being social and being productive. Find a small group of of friends or or colleagues or anyone basically anyone who's in your field as well. It just helps a lot being around other motivated people and it also keeps your mental health in a good shape. >> Okay, now I want to understand a little bit more about how to find an idea, how to find the right side project to work on. Now that you've been successful with yours, what do you think is the playbook for anyone watching this? What would be your recommendation on what to build and kind of how to build it? >> Start small. I start with an actual problem either you or someone else experienced because I guarantee you if you have this problem there's at least one more person on this earth with the same problem and that should be enough to start this project. Um also super important for me was setting I would say the correct goals. If I had set my goal 6 years ago to have 150k a year or I would thrown away that project. So my first goal was not to get the million dollars but to have a random person who I don't know download the app at least for me since since it was a side project monetization can come afterwards working anyway. So monetization should be not your priority. Users first monetization later most importantly just have fun. It's a side project. So worst case it fails. You still have your full-time job and at least you had a good time and most certainly you learned quite a lot. >> All right. Well, before we get back to how Chris grew his side project to $150,000 a year, I need to point out something important. Chris's app changed his life, but he didn't overthink it. He found a simple idea and simply launched it into the real world. And that's exactly why we created Starter Story Build. It's our program where you will learn how to use AI tools to take your idea and launch a real working app in just a couple weeks, even if you've never coded before. If you're ready to stop sitting on the sidelines and actually build something, just head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the video. All right, so my next question is around realistic timelines. You've been doing this for 5 years. That's subjectively a long time. Can you break down what a real journey looks like for a side project to become a full-time income? If you can break down when you started and how this thing kind of grew, that'd be great. >> So 2019, I started building wish lists. It was 2020 when I first released the first version of the app. And in 2021, I got my first job as app developer, which I only got because I developed this wish list that before. So that was also when I had the idea of relaunching wish lists because I couldn't even ship updates because the code base was all over the place. So in 23 I finished university in July and I already got a full-time job as app developer secured for October. So that meant I had 2 months free time. So end of October I at the launch of wish list 2.0 I also hit the 100k registered users. And in 24 I had my full-time job as app developer plus my side project wish list. And in 25 in July, I quit the job and now I'm full-time wish list. Nowadays, everyone would just vibe coded on a weekend, but for me, it took 6 years. So, for me, it was uh I guess a marathon and not just a vip coding weekend. >> I mean, that's awesome. It is a marathon, not a sprint. That reminds me of my story, too, and how long it took to build starter story while I had a full-time job. Let's switch topics a little bit here. I want to understand a little bit about the growth. Look, a lot of people can build stuff, especially while they have a full-time job, but the growth and the marketing and the getting the users. How did you do that for Wish List? >> Being a developer also means that I'm naturally bad at marketing. So, I just didn't do any marketing the standard way. Also, I simply didn't have the money for it. And my goal was also not to make money. But what was crucial were my friends and family, especially at the beginning, because I just asked everyone I know for reviews. That was super awkward at first, but that's what has helped me a lot. Reviews are super important for an app on the app store to to get ranked at the top. So, I also made sure that my users would give me good reviews and that's why I show these inapp reviews at an appropriate timing. So, for me, I'm just showing it after the user has accomplished something. For example, has added a wish or fulfilled a wish. So when the user feels good, the number one thing for me was I always build for users cuz if they like it, they will share it and they will also leave good reviews. How I did this was I integrated an easy support system from very early on. I I saved all these emails and all these feature requests from my users from the very beginning. And every time I shipped a feature or just I fixed a bug for someone specific user, I would text these users, "Hi John, I just fixed your issue." or hi John I just implemented implemented the feature you requested could you let me know how you feel about it do you like it or not I always write questions in these support emails so they would get back to me and once they get back to me with a positive answer only then I would ask them to review my app that turned out to be super fun till this day >> okay let's uh I want to have you break down some of the numbers behind wish list how's this business doing can you break down some of the numbers >> so the monthly revenue average is around 6k K now in the low season and total registered users are currently at 1.1 million and paying customers they are around 4K plus all of the people who buy the products through the app and 110k monthly active users you can multiply these values by five during the high season >> okay and on another note I want to understand a little bit more about how you built this what's the tech stack behind wish list >> flatter is crossplatform kit as free cursor as my IDE. Um I use chat GVt as well. Firebase as my as my back end also for or analytics revenue kit for inner purchase thrill as user feedback. One link for deep links and selfesk for accounting. I would say 99% margin because I don't really have the costs beside my server costs. >> All right. So now I want to like understand actually what you built. You have this wishlist app. I'm not really sure exactly what wish lists are. Can you show us your app and just how it works and what it does? >> As I said, it's a super simple app. So, we start by creating a wish list. So, let's just create a wish list for Christmas. And we can also add a couple of notes and change the visibility. But for now, we're just making it public. So, now we have created our first wish list. And now it's time to add some actual wishes. We can do this manually. Just say okay, for example, a year is enter. How make money is through in purchases. For example, if you want to have a custom wish list image, you get into this pay wall, then you can get a premium membership. More important, um, I get money through affiliate links. So, if I were to add a wish from, let's say, Amazon, um, I can simply autoimp import it. Once I open this link from within wish lists, I get money because it's I I'm changing it to an affiliate link for me. And yeah, that's how I make money. >> All right. Well, I love how the app is quite simple. I know behind the scenes it's probably more complicated than that, but it's cool to see that an app like this can, you know, make a living for you. That's awesome. The last question that we have for all founders who come on Starter Story, what would be your advice to anyone watching this who has a full-time job, who is a full-time student that wants to do this or not ready to quit and go allin yet? What would be your advice to someone who's watching? >> Do not over complicate things. Not everyone has to fly to Mars. You don't have to build the next Facebook. You don't need VC funding. Find a problem you can solve by yourself. find an actual problem you or someone else has and just give it a try. Even if that just means making a prettier version of an existing app. >> Cool. Well, thank you, Chris, for coming on to the channel. I think what you did is awesome. Building a side project, turning it into a full-time income. I love that. Thanks for sharing with the world everything you did. >> Thanks for being here. >> Big thank you to Chris for coming on to the channel and sharing all that. I love his story because it proves that all you need is a simple idea. Chris started Wishlist as a small side project and now it makes $150,000 a year and it gave him the freedom to quit his 9to-ive job. And that's a lesson that anyone watching this can take. Don't over complicate things. Start small, keep it simple, and keep going. This is exactly why we created Starter Story Build. We'll show you how to take your idea, build it with AI, and launch it in just a couple weeks, even if you're just starting it on the side, just like Chris did. So, if you want to finally build that side project, maybe turn it into a full-time thing, just head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO a1EXyJlSx9g =====
TITLE: My app makes $41K/month
DURATION: 707.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm going to be honest. I get a lot of DMs from people who want to come onto the channel. I'm sure they're cool, but 90% of those DMs don't go anywhere. But what about the other 10%. Well, that's who you're going to meet today. This is Joe. He's never shared his story before, and he DM'd me and said, "I'm a solo founder and I make over $40,000 a month with this app." This sounded cool, so I had to know more. And what he shared blew me away. So, I decided to bring Joe onto the channel to share how he took a simple problem and turned it into a $40,000 per month business. In this video, we'll dive into how he found this idea in the most unexpected of places, why he quit his career in engineering to build it and become a solopreneur, and how simple apps like his can compete with billion-dollar competitors. I'm really excited for this one, so let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome to the channel, Joe. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Yeah, hi, my name is Joe. I built an app called Weightley. I originally launched it as a side project, and now it makes over $40,000 a month. >> All right, cool. Before we get into Weightley and what you built, I'd love to learn a little bit more about your background and how you get here. >> So, I was always into computers growing up and so I went to college and got a degree in computer science. Came out of college and started a career as a software engineer. But in 2008, I landed a job with Shutterfly, the online photo gif company. And it was the first time in my career that I thought I was building something fun and cool. I continued my career by moving into management at Shutterfly. And I immediately missed the coding aspects or building aspects of my job. I was building teams rather than apps. So I started looking for a side project where I could learn how to build iOS apps. It's something I hadn't done in the past and I was interested in learning. >> That's cool. I'd love to learn more about how you came across the idea for Weightley. How did that happen? >> In 2017, I went to brunch and it was a busy Saturday morning and we got put on the wait list. I got a text that I was on the wait list and there was a link that said, "Click here to see your weight time." Tapped the link on my phone and it immediately wanted me to download Yelp and sign up for an account just to see my weight time. By the time that I signed up for an account and everything, I got a text that my table was ready. So I thought to myself, this link should just take me to a page where I could see my weight time. I shouldn't have to sign up for an account. That's when my wife suggested maybe you could build a weight list app. So 6 months in, I was really fired up. Had a working prototype. I could add people to the list. I couldn't text anyone yet. And about a year and a half in, I really dug deep and said, "All right, I'm going to get to the point where I could launch this in the app store." Finally launched it. And within the first week, I had 10 downloads. And then about two years in is when I finally launched inapp purchases in the app store and really started growing the business. >> Okay, quick pause. Let's talk about something that is secretly killing so many new founders. Not getting your business foundations right. I'm talking missed deadlines, messy vendors, tax confusion, compliance drama. This kind of stuff builds up fast and then suddenly you're buried in admin work instead of building stuff and generating revenue. That's why I'm a huge fan of today's sponsor, Doula. Doula will help you set up your LLC, handle your bookkeeping, stay tax compliant, all in one place. It's basically like having an ops team without all the overhead. And what I really like is they don't just hand you a checklist and leave you to figure it out. They actually stick with you and make sure you're set up for success from day one. Thousands of entrepreneurs in over 175 countries use Doula because it actually works. Stop burning time on admin work. Let Doula handle the boring stuff so you can focus on what actually matters, building your business. If you're starting something right now, then head to the first link in the description and use the code starter story for 10% off. Thanks to Doula for supporting the channel. Now, let's get back into it. Now, this business is doing over 40,000 MR. Can you give me a little bit of a timeline of that growth? How do you get there? >> Yeah, absolutely. So in year 1 made no money when it launched like I said there was free version. Year two we made 14,500. Year three is when it really took off made about 116,000. Year 4 was 186,000. Year 5 was 307,000. Year 6 was 354,000. Year 7 was $445,000. And this year we're on pace to make over half a million. >> Okay. Well, congrats. your business is doing half a million dollars subscription business. Can you break down some of the growth strategies or marketing strategies that got you there? >> Yeah, so one of the main drivers for us is Apple search ads. We run ads on certain keywords that helps drive people downloading the app. Cost to acquire a customer for us is about $130. The lifetime value of those customers is between $750 and $1,000. So, as much money as we can put into those ads, there's definitely ROI there. Next, we try to nurture those customers with emails. We have some emails with tips to get started, some quick start videos. Uh we offer onboarding through Zoom, uh staff training of employees if necessary, and near the end of those trials, we offer promotions to really try to get them to make that first purchase. I'd love to see the app that you built. What is Weightley? How does it work? Can you show it to the people watching here so we can really understand what you built? >> Absolutely. So, Weightley is a wait list and reservations platform for any business that has waiting customers. You go to a restaurant, it's busy, they don't have a table for you quite yet, so they might add you to the weight list. So, you can just put in a name, a party size, what your estimated weight might be, guest phone number, and then any seating preference you may have like inside, outside, and now suddenly you're on the wait list. Within a few seconds, that customer would get a text message letting them know they're on the wait list. There's a link in that text message that they tap. They'll see their wait time. They don't need to download any app. And then when I'm ready to serve that customer, I can just tap notify and they'll receive a second text message just letting them know that the table's ready. Once I've served that person, I just simply check them off the list. All right, cool. My next question is, why would any restaurant use your software over these bigger companies? How do you compete with billion-dollar companies? >> We compete a couple different ways. One is on price. Whe has a flat fee of $100 a month to unlock all the features where Yelp and Open Table, their flat fees are hundreds of dollars a month. And then for any reservations that are booked through their platform, they charge cover fees. The second thing we compete on is simplicity. One of the benefits of only doing weight list and reservations is it can work for other industries. During COVID, we had a bunch of retail chains who had limited capacity in their stores want a wait list so people could wait outside for their turn. And we put Weightley in over 700 locations around the United States and that 10xed our business that year. And the third thing we compete on is customer service. So anytime that someone calls our support line, someone answers immediately. They're always surprised that someone picked up right away to answer their call. All right, cool. For anyone watching this right now, what would be your framework for looking for an idea today? >> You don't need a new idea. There's plenty of ideas out there, problems that have been solved that you could improve upon. And while you're improving upon that, you might find a niche within that industry. Whe is a perfect example of that. I competed with the giants like Open Table and found a little niche within that industry where I can serve the small restaurants that are underserved. Step two would be I would use AI to build my minimum viable product quickly. Nowadays, you could do that in just a couple weeks. Get something out there quickly. Number three would be get feedback on that idea from your early customers. And number four is just expect the unexpected. Get ready to adapt because things never go as you expect and you're going to have to adapt. >> Okay, that's all great advice. I'd also love to get some specific ideas you think might be worth building. Yeah. So, one idea I'm actually playing around with is I play in a pickle ball league. The spreadsheets that we keep to keep track of everyone's points is getting out of hand. So, I'm looking at building a pickle ball league management app, maybe with a social aspect for people to find games in their area to play in. A second idea would be an AI support chatbot that can be used and trained on specific products or websites. And one big idea I have, and this is another competing with giants moment, is social media. I feel like social media today is run by corporations and influencers and everyone's doom scrolling and I think people are really itching to connect with friends and family again like they did in the early days of social media. So I think there's definitely room for someone to come in and mix up the social media space. >> Okay, I like those ideas. Switching topics a little bit. I'd love to hear some of the numbers behind Weightley. Can you break down some of the metrics and numbers behind this business? We've had over 15,000 businesses try weightly. We currently have 700 paying customers around the US and Canada. Since weightly launched, we've had over 59 million parties weight listed on weight lists. >> Wow, that's crazy. Can you break down the tech stack? How did you build this app? >> Yeah, so weightely is built on top of Google Firebase. We use it for hosting and authentication and database. We use Node.js as language for our back-end services. The iOS app is written in Swift. And finally, the web version of Weightley is written in ReactJS. >> And on that same note, I'd love to hear some of the costs and margins of this business. I understand you're a solo developer. What do the costs look like for a business like this? >> Yeah, so Firebase costs us about $700 a month. All the business text messages we send is about $2,500 a month. We use Revenue Cat for subscriptions in the iOS app. That's 1% of revenue. Apple Search Ads, currently we're spending about $500 a month. This fluctuates different times of the year. Stripe is 3% of revenue for any payments that we take from our website. Uh we use Survey Monkey to capture feedback from our customers. That's $35 a month. We use Hive for project management. That's about $25 a month. Freshes for customer support tickets. This is about $40 a month. And now we're spending about $200 a month on Claude Code. We use Chat GPT for email content and that's about $20 a month. And we use Calendarly for booking demos on our website and that's about $12 a month. >> Nice. Final question that we asked to everyone who comes on the channel. If you could go back and stand on Joe's shoulders when you had gone into that management role, you were looking for the right side project to build, what would be your advice for young Joe? >> Keep going. Definitely. When that self-doubt creeps in, when you're competing with giants, you're not sure if you can actually go forward, just keep going. Acknowledge that your doubts have no basis in reality because you cannot predict the future. Launch your product and see what the future holds. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you for coming on the channel, Joe. I love the business you built. I love your story and hope to see you on again soon. >> Thanks, Pat. Thanks again to Joe for coming on to the channel. I love his story because it's proof that you can solve a simple problem and build a really nice, successful business. I'm willing to bet that in the last week, you may have come across some similar problems as well. So why not try to build something that solves them? Well, that's what we created with Startory Build, our program where we will guide you on how to use AI to go from an idea to an app in just a few days. Imagine you build something that solves a real problem and you ship it to the world for real users to use and get value from. That is a really cool feeling. So if you're interested, just head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Thanks again for watching. I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO BNr1JOQdSN0 =====
TITLE: How I Made $65K in 3 Days
DURATION: 945.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I launched my app and made $65,000 in 3 days with zero audience. >> Meet Devon, an indie hacker from India who failed at multiple startups before stumbling across a strategy that would change everything. >> Lifetime deals are a cheat code because it gives you and most importantly, >> now Devon runs a successful app making around $20,000 a month. So, I invited him onto the channel to break down this strategy that changed his business. >> I was always a struggling entrepreneur. I didn't know how to build distribution. >> In this episode, Devin will break down his app and how he grew it to $200,000 a year. We'll go over his $65,000 launch strategy, and why you should consider doing the same, and the lifetime deal strategy, the pros and cons, and why it actually might be genius. This one might be controversial, but I'm excited to get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Devin, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, Pat. My name is Din and I'm one of the co-founders of Supergrow. Supergrow is a SAS that helps professionals build their personal brand on LinkedIn and now it makes $230,000 a year. I'm excited to come out to the channel and talk about lifetime deals. >> Okay. Well, I'm excited to talk about lifetime deals, but first I want to get some stats on this. Give me just a high level of how much cash your lifetime deal generated and then how the business is doing today. >> Yeah, like uh when we launched lifetime deal, we generated $65,000 in 3 days. Right now we are not focusing on LTD but we have a subscription business. So right now currently we are making more than $19,000 per month. We currently have more than 800 plus recurring customers. Usually we get around more than 15,000 visits every month on our landing page. >> Before we get into the lifetime deals and the cash the crazy cash infusion you had in this business. Let's just talk about how you came up with the idea for this. How did you come up with the idea for Supergrow? Yeah, like after my last product shutdown, I started looking for some markets because I already knew like I don't want to create a new category. So, uh I found lot of LinkedIn tools doing really great. I actually tried their tool out and I actually was not happy with the content creation piece. Around the same time, GP3 was launched and uh it actually changed the whole content creation game because it was really good at mimicking the writing style of the user. So I created an sort of an MVP over the weekend and I really loved it because uh I was able to convert my own raw thoughts into LinkedIn worthy post and it was really amazing. So I thought there is something which I can do here and that's how like I've ended up with supergrow. >> Okay. So that's sort of interesting. You looked at the existing competitors in the market you realized that their solutions just weren't all that great. That gave you the confidence to build something. Could you dive deeper into that sort of validation strategy? So uh one thing which I always tell indie hackers is don't try to create new market just work on the validated market. So what I suggest lot of people is go for products or go for markets which are actually generating revenue. Once you have identified the validated market your next step should be to figure out what are your competitors. So deeply understand your competitors use their product day in day out and try to understand what are their core flows. Try to come up with a new way to solve the core flows. So once you are able to come up with a sort of a 1% increment in the quality of the product like you can just go ahead and just build an MVP after that. What I did was I did exactly this. So I actually studied my three competitors who were like the biggest competitors in my market back then. One was Tableau. The second one was content in the third one was authored up. Tableau was the like the biggest in the market. They had like numerous features but the core feature which is basically content creation piece was not that great. And after studying all these products, I realized the demand in the market is so much that even products like these are able to like earn revenue. So I realized like I can serve this demand really well. >> All right, cool. Well, we find the idea, we start building it. Now let's talk about lifetime deals. So essentially the lifetime deal generated $65,000 in about 3 days. Can you tell us how you get there? When I started Supergrow, I had 600 followers on Twitter and maybe like 500 followers on LinkedIn. I was always a struggling entrepreneur. I didn't know how to build distribution. So, uh I only had like two three customers back then and I actually didn't know how to get more customers. One of the co-founder of Rocket Up, Charlie actually saw our journey on LinkedIn and he actually reached out to us. We would love to help you launch uh Supergrow on Rocket Up. So that was really exciting because we were not expecting that and initially to be honest with you I was really skeptical but uh like after talking to Charlie I kind of get it like why people do LTDs. >> Okay. I want to hear some of the kind of the dirty details of the lifetime deal. How did you price it? How did that work? >> Yeah. So actually Rocketub helped us with the pricing. So we launched three different tiers. So the basic pricing tier was $79 which basically translate to our basic plan right now. The second plan was $199 which is a pro plan. The third plan was the agency plan which was $299. So whoever bought the product back then they were getting like 4 to 5 years of value just by paying like $299 $199. >> Okay. So the pricing is interesting. I'm also curious about the platform's role. What did they actually do for you? And also more importantly, what percentage cut did they take of the lifetime sales? >> They actually do everything for you apart from the product. What rocketub did was they marketed our product across lot of different platforms. They did multiple things. They have a list of hundreds of thousands of customers who are ready to buy LTDs. The first thing they did was they send email to all all of their customers and they talked about a super grow with them. Uh the second thing which they did was they created ads for Instagram and Facebook. And the third thing which they did was they basically created all the marketing assets like they created screenshots, videos which we still use some of these even today. So they created all these assets and they launched super for us. Essentially our role was build the product and the second was support which is really crucial for entity because you are going to get lot of queries and stuff. So those were the only two things which we did. Everything regarding marketing was actually done by rocketub. So for this rocketup took like 40% of the cut which translates to around $40,000 for us. Obviously, it's a big cut. 40% is a huge cut. But if you think about it, at that moment, we did not have like we had only like one or two customers. We had almost close to $0, but just by launching our product through them, we were able to generate $40,000. Okay. Wow, that's a big cut, 40%, I imagine a lot of people watching this are like, why would you give up that much of a product that you built? I'd love to hear from you about the pros and the cons of lifetime deals. I talked to a lot of founders. Some of them love it, clearly like you. some of them regret it. So let's talk about it. What are the pros and cons? >> Yeah. So one of the see the biggest benefit of LTD is cash infusion validation and early feedback. Initially when you are starting a company, when you're starting a product, you essentially have zero customers. You are looking for people who can use your product and give you feedback. Through LTD, we got both the things. There are like couple of downsides. So the biggest downside is high platform cut because in our case, Rocket Up took 40% of the revenue. And the second downside is we got a lot of angry customers reaching out to you for feature requests, for missing features, for bugs and stuff. And also when you launch LKD, you attract a lot of cheap customers also. So, so that sort of gives perception your product is not that great. So these are the three downsides of uh LTD. >> Okay. Interesting. So yeah, I mean definitely pros, definitely cons. What I think is cool about it is the early feedback. So I guess my next question would be for you is did that lifetime deal those hundreds of customers join did that actually help improve your product? >> Yeah definitely we had actually around more than 250 plus LTD customers. So there is a churn in LTD customers also the only like 10% of these customers are really going to use your product after a certain period around 20 to 25 customers they genuinely use the product every week. They used to give us very brutal feedback like because we were really new in the market they were not really polite. So they used to message us on intercom. Some of the customers were able to get our members also from internet. Some of these customers were really good. They actually helped us shape the road map. So they gave us a lot of good insights into content creation on LinkedIn that actually helped us improve the product massively. >> All right. Well, before we get back to Devon's story, let's talk about what he actually did. He didn't build a crazy new idea. He noticed a simple problem. He saw there was actually competition for it, but he still built something that was just a little bit better. And that one idea turned into a now $200,000 per year business. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. It's a program where we help you find your simple idea, build it using AI coding tools, and actually help you ship it to the world. The best part, you don't need years of coding experience. AI does the heavy lifting. So, if you're ready to turn a simple idea into your next project, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the episode. Okay, so let's go over some of the objections that people do have to LTDs. I posted about lifetime deals on X and someone wrote something along the lines of lifetime deals are just founder coping for a bad product. What do you think about that? >> So what I feel is actually LTD exposes bad products really faster because these LTD customers are going to give very brutal feedback to you. So I don't feel like LTD is just a core for a bad product. >> Cool. I I mean I like that. What if instead you just offer your product for free to get feedback? >> What happens? What I've realized is free users don't actually validate the your product. They will just consume it and if something doesn't work, they will just ghost you. But already customers because they have put real money into your business, they are going to give you good feedback. So they are going to basically tell you what exactly is broken in your product. The other alternative that I've heard about is maybe you offer a really cheap yearly plan or maybe even you offer just one year of access to the product. What do you think about that? >> Yeah, I don't think like you will be able to attract that much attention through cheap annual plans and also at the same time I don't think you will be able to generate that much of a revenue with cheap plans because see like we had generated $65 in 3 days. I don't think like if we have launched like annual plan we would have generated that much amount of money. Now also like if you think about it, Ltd buyers actually feel special. They got a deal nobody else will get in future. So this sort of creates an urgency in FOMO that annual plans won't be able to match. >> Okay, cool. The last objection that I hear is that doing an LTD will kill your future long-term growth because you can't make any money from those people that you sold the LTDs too. What do you think about that? >> That's actually not true. What I've realized is you uh in future you can actually upsell them. So that is another thing which you can do and and also at the same time what I feel is you don't want to launch LTD for a long period of time. So for example we launched LD only for 3 days. So the very good way to ensure you're not overselling LTS is just limit the time frame and also limit the number of users you are going to like support. So we limited that to 300 users. So because we launched only for 3 days and and also like we we did lot of upselling to these LTD customers that actually helped us build our subscription business as well. >> Okay. Interesting. I mean on that note I would love to hear about the transition. I mean you went from LTD strategy uh that sort of kickstarted the business but then you transitioned it to uh subscription. I think a lot of people watching would like to hear what worked for you in terms of that transition and what advice would you have for other people trying to do the same? One of the biggest thing that we did just after launching LTD was we actually make sure our customers were happy. So we were really obsessed with our LTD customers. We used to spend like one or two hours every day on intercom answering their question helping them through content creation. Like we sometimes used to help them manually and then used to convert those workflows into features inside supergrow. So we did this for a couple of months. It actually helped us a lot in improving the product. We also added these tools called clarity and mix panel to really understand what these customers were doing. So we used to basically see which feature set they are using, which feature set they are not using. We did this like for a couple of months but then we created this plan of launching our product on product. So what we did we actually launched it on product and we were able to become like product of the week in product and and actually gave us 50 customers also. So one of the key things these LTD customers actually helped us uh make our product and launch better because they actually evangelized our product everywhere. I was not the only person talking about my product that day. We had like 10 to 15 really happy LTD customers who actually talked about us on LinkedIn on Twitter on product hunt and they also shared about our product on these platforms like WhatsApp groups and stuff. Launching on LTD is not just for cash. It's for these purposes also like we were able to create 10 15 ambassadors for our product that actually helped us make our product product of the week. >> I think that's super cool and I didn't think about it that way is that lifetime helps build community around your product which led to a really big product hunt launch. That's super cool. Let's switch topics real quick. Uh I want to hear about tech stack. What kind of tools languages stack do you use to build this business? >> For app I use rails, react and tailwind. I use Postgress for DB. Superbase for O and uh like assets. Railway for hosting, framer for landing page, superguri for LinkedIn content creation, intercom for live chat, mix panel for product analytics, Stripe for payments, and Microsoft clarity for session recordings. >> Could you also, if you're comfortable sharing, break down some of the costs and margins to run this business? >> So there are three broad categories of expense. One is basically marketing and affiliates. Currently, we are spending around $3,000 there. Apart from that, we do have some freelancers who help us with design and product. We're currently spending more than $1,000 there. So, if I add everything, we are currently at 60 to 70% profit margin. >> Thanks for sharing that. And uh the last question that I have for you is a question we ask all founders who come on Starter Story. If you could stand on Young Devon's shoulders before you had this amazing business that you built, before the lifetime deal, what would be your advice to young Devon and for anyone watching right now? I think my one piece of advice would be don't work in an unvalidated market and don't think of creating a very unique solution in a unique market. I think it's okay to build a better version of an existing product that's getting traction. As an ND hacker, it's very hard for us to educate users on the problem. So I would suggest focus on validated markets. Don't hesitate. Don't think you need to create a really unique product. You can just build a better version of existing products. >> All right, Devin, thanks for coming on the channel. I think what you did is awesome. I think lifetime deals are super cool. And hopefully anybody watching this got to learn something really cool today. Let us know in the comments what you think about lifetime deals. You think they're good? You think they're cope for bad founders? I'd love to hear. But thanks for coming on the channel, Devin. >> Thanks, Brad. Thanks for having me. >> All right. Thanks again to Devin for coming on to the channel. I love his story because he's proof that you can build a really nice business from anywhere in the world. That's the power of building apps and software, especially in this crazy AI wave we're going through right now. And shameless plug, that's exactly why we created Starter Story Build, our program where we guide you on how to use AI to go from an idea to an app in just a few days. In very little time, you could build something that solves a real problem and ship it to real users. So, if you're interested in that, head to the first link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 1nfPvJKrYYQ =====
TITLE: Our simple app made $100K in 90 days
DURATION: 691.0
TRANSCRIPT:
A few weeks ago, I came across a tweet that blew my mind. This app got $250,000 downloads and made $100,000 in revenue in just three months. >> First months, uh, $41K, second months, $32K, and third months, $27K. >> So, in typical fashion, I reached out to the founder to see if I could uncover how, and he responded with something that I couldn't believe. Once it gets we start getting a lot of sales immediately. >> Him and his friend Yini did it all from their bedrooms in Europe with a single Tik Tok account. >> In the beginning, we didn't expect like this video will reach 4 million views. >> I had to know more. So, I brought them onto the channel to share everything. And in this video, we'll go over the AI app that they built, their step-by-step Tik Tok marketing playbook that made them $100,000 in three months, and they'll break down their most viral Tik Toks, and share the special sauce that generated millions of views. This one's going to be fun. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. [Music] All right, real quick guys, before you meet Yavghini and Nikita, I just want to mention that this was the first time that they were sharing their story on any podcast. English isn't their first language and they were a little bit nervous to come on here, but they worked really, really hard to give you guys as much value as possible, which I think is really cool and hopefully you guys enjoy the video. All right, Nikita and Yini, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you guys are, what you built, and what's your story. I'm Nikita based in Serbia >> and I'm based in Poland. >> Together we built an AI writing tool called natural right >> and in just 3 months we took this app from zero to $100k in revenue and we did it all from a single Tik Tok account. >> All right. So tell me a little bit more about natural, right? What exactly is it and who's using this? >> You know concept is super simple. So user just passed a generated text, click humanize button and receive 100% human written text and this text usually bypass most AI detectors and mostly it's popular in schools in universities for students but it's also used in businesses for marketers you know most interesting thing here is that we came to that idea a little bit you know randomly so during our research we noticed that there are so many videos about humanizers and I just thought that okay we can do the same it's much easier to promote it on Tik Tok because it's hot topic and we decided okay let's go two weeks we make a product start promoting it and it's it worked out yeah >> I think that's really cool kind of finding an idea from a growth first strategy and that's one of the big reasons I wanted to bring you on the channel is that you really did all this in the last 3 months so I'd love to hear more about that growth story how do you go from basically no idea to getting something with serious traction. >> Uh firstly we tried hiring uh influencers and paying them to make videos for us but it was unsuccessful experience because they generated just some views and almost no conversions. So after that we decided to create our own accounts on Tik Tok and we started filming ourselves. We started posting videos every day. Just from the first video, we got the first sale. But after that, things started to snowball. So, first months $41K, second months $32K, and third months $27K and total uh $100k in revenue. >> Nice. I like that. You guys really focused on growth. you really focus on Tik Tok and you had a pretty unique approach to tackling Tik Tok from a programmer's mindset. Can you tell me a little bit more about your strategy? >> So, our approach is pretty simple. So, first you properly set up your account. Then you just find viral videos from your niche. Then you just make copies of that videos. Then you post one video per day. Uh and finally, once you go viral, start testing your own unique ideas. I like that strategy, but I think for a lot of people watching this, and I'm also curious to know like let's get into the details on this, can you really break down this Tik Tok marketing strategy in full? >> Uh, yeah, sure. Step one, do your niche research before you even start coding because you need to find proofs. Proof that you have competitors on Tik Tok and proof that these competitors have viral videos on Tik Tok as well. Tik Tok search is your best friend and creator search insights also on Tik Tok is your best friend too. Step two, create a Tik Tok account. So if you are not in your target location, you need to buy a VPN, you need a iPhone, phone number from your target location, uh a new email, a new Apple ID. It is very important your first Tik Tok account should be uh registered on your phone number. And step three, warm up. You have to spend 50, 30 minutes a day for three five days engaging with content in your niche. So like videos, leave comments, follow creators, use search to find uh videos in your niche. And step four, recreate what works. Start by making one to one highquality copies of viral videos in your niche. It is very important to add captions in Tik Tok editor as well. Step five, posting. Start with posting just one video per day at optimal time for your target audience. So, usually it will be the second half of the day. And step six, innovate. when your videos start uh going viral and you figure out how everything works on Tik Tok. So, you can probably begin experimenting with your own ideas and your own formats on Tik Tok. Step seven, scale. Once you having success and getting views, you can scale your operation by creating more accounts and hiring creators. Before we keep going, I got to call out something I'm seeing with a lot of founders right now. You're moving fast, maybe close to product market fit, or you're prepping for your next round. This feels amazing, but then enterprise prospects start asking about security compliance, and suddenly everything slows down. The reality, well, in 2025, especially with AI, security expectations hit earlier and harder than ever. You can either get ahead of it or let it become the thing that kills your momentum. And that brings me to Vanta, today's sponsor, which basically solves this entire headache. Instead of spending months figuring out SOCK 2 compliance, Vanta's automated workflows gets you audit ready fast. And here's what I think is really cool. It's not just a one-time setup. Vanta keeps monitoring and updating as you scale. Fast-growing startups like Langchain, Writer, and Cursor trusted Vanta to build their security foundation early, which meant they could focus on growth instead of getting stuck in compliance hell. Right now, Vanta's offering $1,000 off for Starter Story viewers. If you want to check it out, you can go to vanta.com/starterstory or click the first link in the description. Over 12,000 companies are already using Vanta to scale smarter. Huge thanks to Vanta for partnering with us. I love what you guys are doing. All right, let's dive back in. That's a very nice playbook. What I'd love to see from you guys is the actual examples. Would you be able to pull up your most successful Tik Tok videos that led to the most downloads and customers? >> Yeah, sure. The first one is you have an asset to submit in 5 minutes and you know is just from a popular American comedy with Jim Carrey. There is the great video that exactly show the problem to users like okay you have just 1 minute you need to submit your essay and show them solution in very funny way. This video took couple of hours to make and in the beginning we didn't expect like this video will reach 4 million views. This format was already proven by other creators. So we just copy it and it works really well. Here is another example. In this case, we show exactly the problem like you have 100% generated text. You do this and you have like 100% human written text. Once it gets viral, we start getting a lot of sales immediately. Funny stuff here. That original video has around 150k views, but the copy from Yuini gets 1.5 million views. >> Thank you guys for showing those two examples. I think it's super cool to be able to see like what actually worked for you. So, I appreciate you guys showing those. You came up with and you executed on this Tik Tok strategy just a couple months ago. Break down some of the numbers for me. >> Yeah, sure. Uh, total views on Tik Tok is around 9 million views from all our accounts. Total visits around 300K. Signups 250K. Also, conversion rate from visit to sign up is around 80%. That is crazy. and revenue 100k. Yeah. >> Wow, that's insane. 80% conversion to sign up ratio on your website is absolutely nuts. So, congrats on that. So, I'd love to hear how you guys actually built this app and what kind of tech stack you're using to build this. >> First, uh we'd like to mention that we have a third member of our team, Alexander, who takes care of all tech stuff. Our stack is pretty simple. NextJS, Postgress, Coolify, Next AL, plus resend, and our server cost $35 per month. Resend uh 20 bucks per month. And next we have VPN, so $5 per months per five devices. And US phone numbers, $5 per month per phone number. So other than cost of our time, uh the cost to run uh this business is very low. >> Thank you for sharing that. The last question that I want to ask both you guys, Nikita and Yini, when it comes to figuring out Tik Tok marketing, if you could stand on each other's shoulders just three months ago before you had a successful app, while you're trying to figure this out, what would be your advice? >> I would say that you need to start your Tik Tok journey by yourself. Try find out what works and only then start thinking about uh delegate or hiring other people. So just try it by yourself >> and also don't over complicate it. So skip inventing your own Tik Tok format and just replicate what's already going viral. I just want to say thank you again to Nikita and Yini for coming onto the channel. I know they were a little nervous and English wasn't their first language, but I think their Tik Tok strategy is awesome and hopefully you do too. Before I sign off, I do want to remind you to check out Starter Story Build. It's our program where in just a few weeks you'll build a real working project and you'll build it using only AI coding tools. Hundreds of people have joined Starter Story Build and launched their first projects. So if you're ready to get started, just head to the link in the description to join Starter Story Build. Thanks again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO VfNRd5Rk0cM =====
TITLE: This app made over $1M
DURATION: 916.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I am the founder of Rooted. It's been downloaded over four million times and made over a million in revenue. >> Meet Anna. She built an iPhone app with no coding experience that's been downloaded over 4 million times. >> I don't have any technical background. So, I basically started taking what I thought would be helpful and I started drawing it out in a notebook. >> But what's more important than how she built it is how she found the idea. In my fourth year of university, I actually got a panic attack. >> In this episode, we dive into how Anya turned a very painful experience into an app that has generated over a million dollars. Specifically, Anna breaks down how to know if a problem you experience might be worth turning it into an app, how she built it without being an experienced app developer, and the four-step framework she used to get millions of users. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Anya to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hey, my name is Anya and I'm the founder of Rooted for Panic Attack and Anxiety Relief. Since launching in 2019, it's been downloaded over 4 million times and made over a million in revenue. >> I mean, wow, that's insane. 4 million downloads on an app that you built. Can you tell me about how this all started? How you even came up with the idea to build something like this? Yeah, in my fourth year of university, I actually got a panic attack seemingly out of nowhere. I had no idea what they were before and I was far away from home. I had no family doctor and I really struggled to find the resources that I needed to get better. So, as I was looking through the app stores and looking online for something to help, I realized that there's nothing that really spoke to me. Things were really either clinical or there were hypnosis based apps and it just really wasn't what I was looking for. So that's why I figured I had something to launch here. >> I mean, I think what you did is awesome is that you actually had this personal problem, this very painful personal problem, and then you decided to build something. I guess my question is how'd you get the confidence to know that this was something worth building? How did you like validate that this could be something that could be big? >> Yeah. So my idea at the time was to download and try existing apps. And uh I noticed a common theme in the user reviews that there was this gap when it came to identifying what a panic attack is and also solutions for how to basically get through a panic attack in the moment. And I put together a really early version of Rooted, a prototype, an MVP type solution. And the first few hundred users said that even though there was still some lagging, some bugs, some incomplete parts, they really wanted me to keep going with it. And that was super encouraging. What would be your advice to someone who uh let's say they do have a personal problem like a painful problem like like mental health thing or or something like that. What would be your advice on how to like validate that this is something worth building? >> Yeah, I'd say if you are passionate about solving a problem then really launching with just an MVP to get that feedback out there. For me, I think I was just like obsessed with getting the idea out there and I really didn't then listen to the naysayers as much because I was like I need to prove this out myself. So, if you're confident that other people are experiencing your problem, it's worth just launching an MVP to see if what you've created will help them. >> Okay. Well, perfect segue on that. Let's talk about how you built that MVP, how you built the first version of that app. I understand that you don't have a technical background. You're not a programmer or coder. How did you do it? How did you build something worth using? >> I basically started taking what I thought would be helpful and I started drawing it out in a notebook and I was thinking about the way I wanted the information to be presented. what would be most helpful for me in that moment of a panic attack. How do I keep things super simple in the app when somebody's really overwhelmed as they're using it? And so I took these ideas and sketches from my notebooks and then I taught myself how to basically create them as wireframes in Photoshop and Illustrator. And then yeah, I went to an agency and I could not afford to work with the agency. So that certainly set me back timewise. But then at one point a student developer said that he would love to work with me and so that's how I was able to finally launch that first MVP. >> Yeah. If you could just give me a breakdown of you know how long this took, how much did you actually spend to get this prototype put together? What did that look like >> with the student developer? What I did was I just put in all my savings. You know, as a non-technical founder, it just took a few months once I actually had the developer. And that's because all of the content, all of the wireframes before then were already created. I did want to learn enough to at least be able to communicate what I wanted better. I just sort of focused a lot on the design, making sure all that was really simple. The first prototype of Rooted was essentially the panic attack button that would walk you through a panic attack. And that actually hasn't changed a ton over the years because it's really the core of Rooted. It's the aha moment that really resonates with users. What's changed is the design and the way it looks right now. But that core idea of how to stop a panic attack is still there and rooted after all these years. So I launched with that a simple breathing tool and then the lessons on how to understand panic attacks and anxiety and where they're coming from. >> All right. So you launched this, you built this, you're getting early traction. Now this is a huge app with millions of downloads. What did that growth timeline look like for you? How long did it take? >> So it started off quite slow. I'd say in the first year we reached around 10,000 downloads. It wasn't until year two or so that we reached a 100,000 downloads. And I remember after that, I guess we just knew that there was a real demand for it and kept going. And I hit a million downloads, I think, in year three. >> You mentioned just a second ago that you did this with a full-time job. How did you do that? >> Yeah. So when I first started Rooted, I was working 4 days a week and I had told my employers at the time that I was starting Rooted. I'm doing this like Rooted 3 days a week and this other job 4 days a week. So I basically had no weekends or social life for quite a few years. I don't think there's any shortcuts though. I think that's just something I had to go through. >> Tell me about that decision to go full-time on Rooted. What did that look like? >> So I had already been wanting to do it for probably a year before I did it. Uh revenue was there. it could sustain me comfortably for over a year. Yeah, it really happened when there was a lot of shifts at the other job and it just became a lot less enjoyable and I just decided that now is time. That was about 3 years ago now, so maybe 2 and 1/2 to 3 years into rooted. >> All right, before we get back to Anya's story, let's talk about where it all started. Anya didn't have a business background or app development experience. She just had a painful personal problem and decided to build a solution for herself. And that simple decision became a million-dollar app. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. It's our flagship program where you'll learn to build and launch your project using AI coding tools, even if you have zero coding experience. In just a few weeks, you'll go from idea to a working production app just like Anya did. So, if you're ready to turn your problem into your next project, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the episode. All right, let's jump into the growth side of things. I know that you grew this app from zero to 4 million plus downloads. What are some of the tactics or maybe the top three things when it comes to growing a mobile or an iPhone app? First, it was active social media engagement, but I remember that I used to spend literal hours going through posts, writing helpful comments, leaving links back to Rooted, and really trying to be helpful in what I wrote. Secondly, I would say press releases. In the early days, I didn't want to be even known as like the anxiety girl. I didn't want that to like define me. Then I realized, you know, once you actually put your name to a story, it does resonate better with the audiences. I would find people online, journalists that wrote about mental health and then I would read it reach out to them either on LinkedIn or try to get their email and send pitches that way. It was a ton of work because not many people would ever respond to me. But what ended up happening is every now and then we'd get featured in a pretty major way for small apps. So we were in Cosmopolitan, we've been in Women's Health, we were even in Time magazine which was the big one. All of that really happened from these organic cold emails. And then the third thing would be a huge focus on app store optimization. So I focused a lot on making sure that the product matches what the users are looking for. They see on your product page. They download the app, they use it, and then they use the same keywords to describe their experience via the user reviews. That was like the holy circle. And if you can get that loop going, it I think it's a really strong presence for app store optimization. >> That's great. And would you have any advice for how to be helpful in 2025? You probably talked to a lot of people that are just starting to build apps. What's your advice on being helpful and doing something similar to what you did? >> I'd say not leading with, hey, this is my app. Go download it, but actually maybe even answering something like a question online that your app answers. I would almost take something like from a rooted lesson. So, let's say there's somebody makes a post saying that, you know, they had this like horrible experience with anxiety on a run today. Then I could like kind of share like why that might have happened and why, you know, it's normal. it's okay and whatnot. >> Okay. So, beyond the tactics which we talked a little bit about, I want to know now, you know, what's the bigger strategy? What does it take to build a successful app in 2025? What would be your playbook that you'd give to someone who is just starting out today? >> Right. So, step one, build a product that actually delivers what your page promises. That'll lead not only to more positive downloads, aka like people leaving positive experiences, but people will also then share it. and like the word of mouth engagement is quite important. Step two, listen to your users. So user reviews are super important. Oftentimes everything you need to know is written in the user reviews and sometimes your own assumption of what a user needs might not actually be what they do need. Step three, optimize app store presence continuously. Doing a release frequently shows that you continue to work on the app. I do one once every week and that shows that you're constantly working on fixing bugs, improving the user experience. And step four, partner strategically. So be that a wellness organization, um we've done a few B2B contracts as well, a ton of different therapy groups and psychologist offices are recommending and using Rooted and this has been something that's been helpful now in 2025. One thing that I'm curious about as someone who's built a really successful app, also helped a lot of people build successful apps. What is like the most important metrics to be tracking? Is it revenue downloads? What is it? >> Well, for me, and I think especially being in the mental health space, it's been about user reviews. So, our rating, we've been able to maintain a 4.8 out of five rating. And this is really, really important to me. users leave comments about how Rooted has helped them go back to work, go back to school, and just reclaim confidence in their lives. We've also realized that based on usage that we're able to now take a panic attack and users are feeling better from the panic attack within under 2 minutes. It's just been really exciting to to work on that and kind of see really how effective Rooted is and what users say about it. I think actually our focus on tracking user reviews and the quality of rooted over revenue has been a big factor as to why we've grown. >> All right, so we talked all about how you built this app, how you came up with the idea, how you grew it to millions of users. Can we see the app? How does it actually work? >> Yeah. So, when you first open the app, you're greeted with this blue app mascot named Ron. The main feature here is if you're in the middle of a panic attack, you'll see this red button. This is an SOS button. And it'll basically ask you how you're feeling based on either wanting to feel okay in the moment or wanting to face the panic attack head-on. And it walks you through these prompts which help to essentially activate the parasympathetic nervous system. And the parasympathetic nervous system is the one that calms us down. There's also this tool for deep breathing. And probably my favorite features are these lessons. They're actually lessons on understanding anxiety, what the physical mental effects are, the causes and theories and so forth. We also have a journal tool where you can kind of share what your feelings are, share what you've accomplished, what's weighing you down, what you're grateful for. We also have over 100 visualizations and sleep sounds. And then most recently, we have a games tool. And these are supposed to be really simple, relaxing games. Users have asked for this for many years. So the idea is for the games to be really simple things that you can play when you are on a plane or in a busy subway. Just things to kind of distract you when you're feeling a little anxious in the moment. Now that we have as many downloads as we have, whenever I launch something, I almost instantly like within a week I get to see thousands of people use it, right? So that's just been incredible. >> All right. Well, thank you for showing me that. I think what you built is awesome and it's an amazing tool for millions of people to use. You've done it. You built an app. It's really successful. You quit your full-time job. You do this for a living now. Uh what would be your advice to someone who's maybe just starting out, maybe they've just started building an app or they have an idea for an app. What would be your advice to someone who's starting out? >> I would suggest that you listen to users very closely. They will have the answers you need. They'll help you know what to focus on. And I believe, especially in the mental health space, at the end of the day, that's who we're most responsible. Launching Rooted with the MVP and getting that original feedback. I mean, to this day, I still read all the user reviews, even though I have somebody else do the responses now. I still go in and I make sure I know what's going on and just to have a pulse on what users are saying. I'd also recommend taking care of yourself along the way. I think there were definitely quite a few points where I almost reached burnout. I was building something really intense and that level of intensity was with me at all times. And I think I looking back I wish I celebrated a few of the smaller moments more because now I realize that those were like the most awesome moments whereas really I was just focus on the next thing and ready to get to the next thing. So I would recommend taking care of yourself and also celebrating the small wins. >> Well, thank you Ana for coming on to the channel. I think what you built is awesome. I'm so excited to share it with all of our subscribers on YouTube. I think what you built is really needed in the world. So thanks for coming on. >> Thank you so much for having me. >> Thanks again to Ana for coming on to the channel. Personally, I loved hearing about how she grew rooted from just a painful personal problem, like a panic attack, into an app that's been downloaded over four million times and made over a million dollars. But reminder, it all started from finding that simple problem and building something. You can't skip that step if you want to build something that could potentially change your life. And this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. We'll help you take a problem from your own life and turn it into a working app using only AI tools. So, if you're ready to build and launch your app, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. That's it for this episode. Let me know what you think in the comments. Thank you again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO MLAH5OZ5FO8 =====
TITLE: How I Built a $4M Business (Simple Strategy)
DURATION: 701.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm Sean, co-founder, CEO of Alia. And by reading one very specific book, we went from $0 in revenue to 4 million ARR. This is Sean, and he runs a SAS tool doing over 4 million ARR. But it didn't start that way. >> It took us about 6 months to get from two customers to about 20 customers. >> In the first year, him and his co-founders were lost. They had a handful of customers, but no real traction. Then they made one small change. >> We were a company before. We are still this company, but we focus on this new thing. This is all we care about. A simple shift in how they positioned the product and then everything exploded. And last year, we went from $0 in revenue to 4 million ARR once we figured out our position. So, I brought him on the channel to really break down what they changed and why. And in this video, we'll get into what positioning really means for startups, the specific changes that Shawn made to their product and marketing, which made them grow, and how you might be able to make a few small changes that change the trajectory of your business. All right, this one's going to be good. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Sean, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you build, and what's your story. >> I'm Sean, co-founder, CEO of Alia. And what we do is we sell pop-ups to e-commerce brands because of repositioning our company by reading one very specific book. We went from zero dollars in revenue to four million ARR. And before the book, we had no product market fit, no revenue, and no happy customers. >> All right. Before we get into all that, I do want to understand what is Alia? What does it do? What problem does it solve? >> Yeah, totally. So, imagine you're shopping online at any e-commerce brand and you see this thing on the screen and it says enter your email to get 15% off whatever that flow looks like and whatever that pop-up looks like is our company. We decided to go all in on that and we've chosen to do nothing else besides that one thing which is called pop-ups. In terms of some cool customers we have, one would be Nike Strength which was super awesome to get. Tom's shoes which is a pretty massive brand. a bunch of really really cool brands you work with and uh we have about 1500 brands using our pop-up books which has been super awesome. >> All right, that's really impressive and you guys grew crazy fast. You said zero to four million in just about a year. Before we get into that, I do want to go back cuz I know that when you first started, you didn't really feel like you had it all figured out right away. Can you take us back to the early days of Alia? >> When we started, right, I was in college. I actually built this at my university for a club, like a fintech club on campus. I thought it could be cool to try it as a business. So, we did. So, we decided that e-commerce would be where we would sell our software. And before it was a pop-up, it was kind of more of a loyalty program, an education tool. And the difficulty in me being able to describe to you what it was kind of shows the issue with positioning. We started the company. We had two customers. One was my co-founder's cousin and the other was this girl from my class at university. People were like, "Hey, this is cool, but where does it fit in my tech stack? What do I replace with it? And who are you? >> Once you had you're at this place where you had a couple customers, you're looking for what's the next move? How do I take this to the next level? What changed for where you went from two customers to where you had hundreds of customers in really just a year? So my co-founder reads a book called Obviously Awesome. So we read it and we understood that the customers had perceived us differently than what we were selling. And it was a hard pill to swallow, but it was an important one. We realized that we're actually not an education tool. We're not a loyalty tool. We're a pop-up tool. We decided to go all in on that. >> What did the book say? Give me the the big idea from the book so that someone watching this has no idea what the book's about. What was like the big thing the book said? >> Totally. Yeah. So, in the book obviously awesome. Essentially, it talked about how do your customers perceive you? Like what are they using you as and what do your best customers think of you as? I wanted to believe my best customers thought of us as an innovative new customer education tool. The hard truth is that they didn't think of us as that. They actually thought of us as a pop-up tool. If our best customers think of us as a pop-up tool and they pay us for that, you can extrapolate and say that a bunch of other customers who think of us as a pop-up tool might pay us some money. I think we should try to become that thing and see how the market responds to it. And the market responded well and we knew that hey this is this is the golden ticket we have here. That's insane. I mean you can read one book and it can change your entire business. I would love to learn more about this positioning idea. I know it's sort of a highle concept. What did it actually mean to go pivot your business basically and reposition everything? >> The way we did it is with four main things. The first is changing the copy on the website. So when we revamped our website, the biggest thing is what can this tagline say? As you can see right here, the next generation of pop-ups. And when I click on product, this says pop-up features. It doesn't say product features because these are only features that exist inside of the pop-up, which is all that we do. We are the best at pop-ups. Why? And then we answer that why question here. So people are like, okay, cool. like this is why and this makes sense to me. The second is when you make content, you write content about what your business is when you've repositioned it. I actually have a bookmark post right here. We're at 3.5 million AR pop-ups. That's all we do. Pop-ups equals Alia. Alia equals pop-ups. So now when people see this, I I I pinned it to my profile. If someone wants to look me up, this is the first thing they're going to see. And then this association sticks in their head. And that's where you create inbound demand and that's where you scale a business. The third is sales calls, right? When you're in a sales calls, I hop on a call and say, "Hey, I'm Sean. I'm the CEO. We do pop-ups." That's how I start my calls. Right away when you hop on the call, it's like, "Hey, I'm Sean. We do pop-ups and we care about pop-ups." And they're like, "Okay, cool. Thanks." Like, that's helpful context. They know what they're here for. Fourth is internal language. Very, very important, right? Everyone on the team needs to understand that we were a company before. We are still this company, but we focus on this new thing. so that when they're doing CS, when they're doing sales, when management is making decisions, they can speak the same language that you speak to yourself, there's different tweets and Slack channels where people ask what's the best pop-up tool. And if you have that connection between yourself and that specific thing, every single reply is going to be use or use whatever your company is because they know that you do that thing. All right, before we get back to Sean's story about how he grew this business to 4 million ARR, we got to talk about what comes first. Shawn obviously didn't start with this brilliant strategy. Him and his co-founders learned this on the fly while building, marketing, and talking to customers. But here's the thing, none of these things can happen until you have an idea that you're excited about. And this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. In Starter Story Build, you'll join hundreds of other builders. You'll get access to experts, and we'll walk you through our complete framework for ideulating, building, and shipping your project. If you're ready to build your idea, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the story. You had built this company. You had two customers. You're seeing other people online that have hundreds or thousands of customers. There's probably some uncertainty, something there. How did that feel in that in that moment where you didn't have it figured out yet? >> What gave me comfort was the fact that they were once in my shoes and the fact that they once too had two customers who didn't want to use their product and they ended up figuring it out. The way that I was able to set goals for myself was very simple. We had two customers. My only goal was to get a third. Once we got a third, my goal was to get a fourth, a fifth, so on. So that when you get to three customers, you're like, "Oh, wow. I got a new customer." And you're not like, "Damn, this company has 20,000 customers. How will I ever get there?" It's not your job to get there right away. It's your job to get to a third, to get to a fourth, to get to a fifth, and understand how you got to those five. Take those learnings and then get your next five, your next 10, your next 100, your next thousand. What I'm curious to understand is when you kind of had those 20 customers before you made that change, I think some people who might be in a similar position are worried is what happens when I go too small, you know, niche down to a small feature or I cut out potentially other useful things of my product. Tell me about in that moment, was it scary to go and just decide, hey, I'm going to just reposition the entire company. How did you get the courage to do that? >> It wasn't all at once. I mentioned the four things, website, content, sales calls, internal language. We didn't do all four at once. It was, "Let's hop on a sales call. Let's talk about pop-ups. Let's say we're a pop-up tool, and let's see what the close rate looks like." I noticed very quickly on the calls, they were shorter, they were more succinct, and they closed more often. So, okay, sales calls are going well. Now, let's try to make some content around it. And that content did better than our previous content. Okay, that's kind of interesting. Then we changed the website, then we did the internal language, and then everyone was like, "Oh, okay. This makes sense. Let's flip everything now." >> I mean, that's amazing. I think this whole idea of repositioning is super valuable insight. It's really one of the big reasons why I wanted to have you on the channel. For anyone who's watching this right now, they may have already started something. They may have their first couple customers, but they don't have product market fit, which you clearly have had in the last year. What would be your framework for someone watching this to potentially try what you did? So, the first step I would say, I got no affiliation to the book. I just think it's a good book. Read the book. The second activity is do the positioning activities that they say. So, in the book, they're like, "Ask yourself these questions." And you should ask yourself those questions. If you have a team, if you have co-founders, do it with your co-founders. Third is try the positioning out on sales calls and see the live reaction of those customers. See if those close more often. See if they understand the product better and see if they're more excited about it. If you do those three, you will have a good sense of, okay, is this new position a better position? Even if it isn't, you can go back to step two, talk to your co-founders again, go through those questions again, and maybe thinking about a new position that's going to be better. >> All right. Well, that's a great framework. I'm also curious about what does your team look like? I know that you bootstrap this business, but you do have some co-founders. What's that like? >> So, I have a team of 12 people. Three of us are co-founders. Cory and Bill have been absolutely amazing and the best co-founders possible. And something we have as a mantra at our company is Alia will be successful even if it means that we're selling hot dogs on the side of the road. We can pivot, we can change, become a whole different company, but we are going to stick together and we are going to be successful. If you can find the people who are willing to do that with you, make the changes, pivot accordingly, those are the right people to have. The last question I have for you, Sean, is if you could go back in time, stand on Shawn's shoulders before you found this product market fit before you took this business from basically 0ero to 4 million in the span of about a year, what would be your advice for you or really for anyone watching this right now? The first from positioning side I would tell myself do one thing and do that one thing phenomenally. From general founder advice when you're a younger founder the one currency you have that the incumbents of your industry don't have is speed and urgency. When it comes to the incumbents they can't move as quick as you. So when we chose to reposition ourselves we're now in an industry where folks have been there for 15 20 years and they're going to move slower than us inherently because they're a larger company. You have that advantage. >> Nice. Well, thanks Sean. Thanks for coming on the channel. The business you built is amazing. The growth is insane. I'm so glad to have you on and hope to have you on again in the future. >> Yes, thank you for having me. I appreciate it. >> Thank you again to Sean for coming on to the channel. I personally loved hearing about this simple change that changed the trajectory of his business. If you're watching this today, I think that this is one of the most underrated concepts when it comes to building and finding product market fit. So, on that note, if you're ready to build something, then I invite you to check out Starter Story Build. In Starter Story Build, we'll help you go from a simple idea to a real working app shipped to the real world in less than 2 weeks. If you're interested, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO F8i0kkrQ8_o =====
TITLE: How We Built It: $900K Open Source SaaS
DURATION: 877.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I'm Ule, co-founder of Papermark. >> And I'm Mark. We bootstrapped Papermark to 75K MR. >> This husband and wife duo built a near million dollar business thanks to this opensource SAS. >> Yeah, I think off the bat being open source was the right bet for us. >> In just a year and a half, they took a weekend open source project to $75,000 MR. >> Paper Mario started as a tweet. So, I asked both of them to come onto the channel and break all of it down. In this video, you'll learn why open source is actually a really genius business model, how there are loads of big companies just waiting to be open sourced, and how to grow in open source if you're just starting out today. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Mark and Julia to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. Hey Pat, I'm Mark, co-founder of Papermark. It's the open- source successor to Docsend for sharing documents and data rooms securely. Papermark started as an open- source project on the side without the idea to actually go commercial >> and uh we are close to reach our first million error. >> Okay, that's crazy. In 1.5 years, you guys basically built a million-doll business. Let's go back to how you guys found the idea for this. How did you find the idea for Papermark? Yeah, it's actually funny. It started as a tweet. I pushed out a tweet and I basically said like I'm going to build an open source alternative to Docsend and it went just like crazy. Within, you know, a couple hours it got like 40,000 views. Lots of people mentioned that they would love to see this as an open source project. So over the weekend, I actually built it at least their first MVP, the first version that was usable and pushed out on Monday the launch tweet and it got like 100k views. And then soon after their first customers came and were asking like, "Can we give you money to buy the service?" And that's kind of how it kicked it off. >> That's crazy. The amount of founders that I talked to that have built a business based off a single tweet is actually way higher than you'd think. I just want to understand a little bit more about what Papermark is and what it does for our audience who may not totally be in this space. Can you briefly explain what Papermark actually does? So essentially the papermark is a document analytics and sharing platform. So you kind of turn your document into the link which you later can share protect with the password with the watermark and then get the all analytics so they can see exactly okay someone was on my document for 5 minutes on this slide 1 minute here. So you know exactly what happened and the papermark is uh essentially alternative to the docend and other data room providers which exist already for 10 years or more but they like don't innovate anymore. They don't produce anything new. They mostly focus on the enterprise customers. That's why the open-source kind of new solution was needed in this market. >> All right. So the main reason I wanted to bring you guys on the channel is that you built this business on top of open source which is a super cool model. You guys managed to find a way to not only build an open source project but build a really really nice business on top of it. Can you first explain to me just what open- source is and then we'll get into the the business side of things. >> Yeah, of course. So open source like the name says the source code that's powering the project is publicly available. So anyone can look at it, anyone can contribute to it. And the cool thing is that the entire like history of the project is also publicly available. It also opens up the project globally to any developer in the open source ecosystem that likes to contribute or that is interested in the project and wants to contribute to it. There are of course licenses that have some protective mechanism and in the end you have these communities that form around each project and they can be larger or smaller depending on the popularity of the project or the maintainer as well. A lot of developers these days they want to show off their work. Maybe they can't find a job but they can do open source projects. They can contribute to open source in order to advance their own career. So attracting early users open source is great because you can just ultimately ship in public. >> All right. So can you break it down for me? So you have open source, all the code is free, anybody can use it. How does this actually work for your business and how do you make money? >> So the business model for Papermark is basically you can either self-hosted for free or for many of the users that maybe not be techsavvy that don't want to host it themselves because they don't want to do deal with the overhead or the maintenance. We have a hosted version that we charge for for the open core model. Our core software of Papermark is is open source and self-hostable. And then if you need advanced features, you can acquire a license and still run it on your infrastructure as a self-hosted version, but just with our enterprise license attached to it, so that you can enjoy the full suite just as it is on papermark.com. >> Looking back, uh what are the benefits to building open source that you've realized? >> Number one, it's highly defensible because you you have nothing to hide behind. you essentially give away the core product for free. There's no need for anyone else to kind of build the same project and charge anything for it because it's essentially already as low as it can get. Number two, it's very scalable because there's essentially zero barrier to entry. We have people coming to our project every day, looking at it, either contributing to it, running it for their small teams, or then seeing the open source project and converting actually to papermark.com because they don't want to deal with the self-hosting of it. they just come to us because we do the best service in in in hosting the solution. Number three, we have that communitydriven R&D velocity. Incumbents only have like their employees that basically maintain the the software. We have the community that basically looking through the projects, monitoring it, seeing where they can contribute new features. If they find like issues, they can immediately swoop in and like provide a a solution for it. The velocity with the community is just like immense. And number four, it's very secure and has high trust. The code can be audited by any third party. You're not hiding behind proprietary software that we need to grant access to someone at a bank that is trying to evaluate whether it would be a great fit for the infrastructure. They have to run through so many checks and they can do that very easily by just by auditing our open source code and seeing that nothing nefarious is going on and everything is extremely secure. All right, before we move on with the interview, I do want to talk about one thing. As a founder, you're likely moving fast towards product market fit, your next funding round, or your next big enterprise deal. But with AI accelerating how quickly startups are building and shipping, security expectations are higher earlier than ever. Getting security and compliance for your business right can unlock growth, but it can also stall it if you wait too long. With deep integrations and automated workflows built for fastmoving teams, Vanta gets you audit ready fast. And it keeps you secure with continuous monitoring as your models, infrastructure, and customers evolve. Fast growing startups like Langchain, Writer, and Cursor trust Advant to build a scalable foundation from the start. Go to vanta.com/starterstory to get $1,000 off Vanta and join over 12,000 ambitious companies already scaling with the platform. That's vanta.com/starterstory for $1,000 off. I'll put a link in the top of the description for you to check it out. Thank you, Vanta, for sponsoring the channel. I love the platform that you're building. And without further ado, let's get back to the interview. For anyone watching right now who's a developer who's excited about open source, what are the opportunities right now to build an open source and also build a business on top of it? >> With the era of AI, founders can target much smaller niches and like smaller markets. It just makes it so easy to create like a very small differentiated business off of an existing incumbent. The kind of like key markets that I see today that are being rebuilt is anything that has to do with like a CRM. they have become so large that the software itself is is very complex and they try to do this like one sizefits-all where of course once you're in at like the highest tier you can then customize it to your own use case but why not build a very targeted CRM for veterinarians or like office building managers that have like a very specific use case to use the CRM but and don't need like the entire complexity. Think about reducing complexity in what existing businesses are there and just like build it very simple. Think to yourself like is there an open source alternative? Does it make sense to build an open source alternative? Is the market massive? Is there enough room for other players in the market? Because often times you will find that software is not really the differentiator. So being open and open source is no detriment to you or your business. >> Okay, let's change subjects a little bit. Let's talk about growth. I mean 0 to 900,000 ARR there's something here whether it's open source whatever it is but if you guys can just break down how did you grow this quickly what were the right decisions that you made yeah I think off the bat I think being open source was the right bet for us building in public with open source is is extremely natural because you have nothing to hide behind already there's no downside to sharing the small progress even that you're making even if the features are not 100% complete share that on Twitter on LinkedIn just with anyone and you'll slowly gather community around that. Then lastly, in terms of growth, we also participated in this month-long open- source hackathon called Hacktoberfest. There's like a cycle where we build faster, more customer notice that we're building and shipping features whereas the incumbents are slow and like sleeping and then they start switching because now the feature sets aren't reaching feature parody and even going beyond that. >> Cool. And thanks for sharing that. Can you break down some of the numbers behind the business? >> So in the first year we grew to 20,000 MR to middle of the second year we grew to 75,000 MR. So we are getting closer to our first million middle of the second year we serving around 30,000 users because there's like a lot of free users. Uh then we serve around,000 customers. Uh 60 contributors uh 7,000 stars. Maybe the focus if our northstar metric is amount of views on the shared documents. So we have 80 800,000 views on the shared documents. It means that people upload their documents then share the link and then 800,000 view their documents. >> Let's change topics a little bit. I know a lot of people watching this are developers even people building in open source. Let's talk about tech stack. Tell me about how this business is built. Yeah. So we run Papermark as two projects in Nex.js. So one project is our website and our marketing content and the other project is the open- source project which powers like app.papermark.com. It runs uh next.js with TypeScript. On our day-to-day of course we're like so many others are using cursor as kind of like our AI IDE. Everything's hosted on GitHub. Papermark is hosted on Verscell Planet Scale for our Postgress database. Trigger, it's a background tools. Resend is I think like a fan favorite these days for like easy email. It gets delivered to your inbox like in terms of transactional emails like really quickly. And then of course Stripe. >> On that same note, can you break down some of the costs and margins to run this business? What does it look like to run a business built on open source? Yeah. So our main cost is spending on freelancers and founder salaries around 80% then we have around 15% on different experiments with marketing and growth and uh 6 to 5% it's the tools. >> Thank you for sharing that. Last question that I have is advice for anyone who wants to build in open source do things in open source potentially even build a business in open source. What would be your advice to someone watching this? I think being an open- source alternative to like in any market to any big incumbent isn't a shorefire success. You need to reach at least feature parody with the existing tools in the market and then you need to out ship them, right? You only you need to be better than the current offering in the market. You want to become the clear successor to the incumbents, not just be an alternative that's also there. And you need to turn that excitement around open source into product momentum. So convert them into paying customers or even users of your tool. Only then you can actually make it a successful business. >> Uh from my experience I didn't know how to code at all and I decided okay I'm going to build the first project. I took existing opensource to build on top of and then what I build I also made open source and I feel so much push and support from the open source community and contributors. I would definitely if you want to try open source and see really what it is, you need to kind of jump into it. You will not get the whole idea if you're not going to build that. Just do it open source from the beginning. Try to be part of the community. Help people contribute and they will do the same and you will see how your project grow. >> All right. Well, that's great advice. Thank you Julia and Mark for coming on the channel. It's so impressive what you guys built in just a couple years. Thanks for sharing everything about the open source model, building it open source. It was awesome. See you guys soon. >> Thanks, Bad. >> Thank you. >> I wanted to thank Mark and Julia for coming on to the channel. I loved hearing about how they grew Papermark and their unique approach to building this project with open source. However, I must remind you that it all still started with a simple idea. And nowadays, that's all you need to potentially build something that changes your life. And that's why we launched Starter Story Build. We'll help you take that idea up here and turn it into a real app using only AI tools. So, if you're ready to launch your project, then head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thanks again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 3eY71OS4MFw =====
TITLE: How We Built a $10K/mo SaaS
DURATION: 793.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My name is Joseph and I'm Teimmo. Together, we built Cedari to 10K MR. >> These two guys met each other in a co-working space and decided to partner up. But they were burned out by what I like to call builder's disease. >> I quit my job and spent a whole year building without any traction. >> So, they came up with a better strategy. Get paid before building anything. We made $500 before we wrote a single line of code. So, I brought them both onto the channel to break down the exact validation strategy to not waste years on a dead product, the deposit framework, which is how to ask for refundable deposit before you build anything, and the exact fake landing page and demo they used that changed their business. This video may rewire your brain on how to validate and build a startup today. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Joseph and Teemo to the channel. Tell me about who you guys are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Joseph. I quit freelancing as a software engineer to start indie hacking. >> And my name is Timu. I live in Bangkok, and together we started Setai, which now makes 10K Mr. All right. Well, before we get into what you guys built, how you built it in this awesome story. Can you just tell me about what Setter AI is? What kind of app is this? >> Setter. AI is an AI appointment setter that follows up and qualifies with your leads instantly. It's a high ticket agentic B2B SAS. We have a pretty classical subscription model which starts at around $50 per month. Some pay over 500 bucks and our biggest customer pay up to $5,000 per month. We mainly target the solar industry, coaches, financial services anywhere to replace sales reps. Okay. So, one thing that I love about your guys' story is that you technically validated this idea before you built anything. I think that's amazing. I think there's a lot we can learn from that. So, can you share with me how you did that? How did you know you had a business before you even wrote a single line of code? So, as soon as I had the idea, I set up a landing page. I did it months prior to even starting the business. The landing page was set up under a warm domain. So, a domain from a different business that I've already owned and that has been indexed with Google already. I created a completely fake demo for this product because the product wasn't there yet, and put it on this landing page. I think it's the most loweffort way to validate the idea because I wanted to find out if people would actually pay for this. I knew building this AI caller, which was the initial idea, would require a lot of effort. And for me, I just wanted to find out what would business owners pay for this. So, would it be worth building? >> It'd be awesome if you could actually show me this landing page right here, cuz I think this is super cool to just basically not actually write anything, write any code, and just purely validate the idea with everything being faked. something you could put together pretty quickly. Could you actually show me that landing page? >> So, this was the initial landing page. Super super simple. One H1 keyword and then the demo on the right side and then a book demo button. There was really nothing else on this page and it ranked on Google with this. So, this was version one. I wanted to automate cold calls. So, my idea was okay, let me put cold call automation as the H1 keyword. So, I went to hrefs, found this keyword, saw it has search volume but no difficulty. So, I put this as the H1 here. This is the main keyword that Google will index. And then I just put some like chip generated text here to like have some a little bit more text on the page. Here's the demo is like a fake AI caller demo that I generated with 11 Labs. So, yeah, the call to action is literally just a calendar link of mine. If prospects see the video demo, then they would usually go and book a demo call after that. And then I would chat with them about, okay, what do you actually need in your business? So, one of the key elements here is getting this landing page indexed immediately. And ideally, you have already a domain that is online of a previous startup of yours, your personal page, whatever, a domain that is not brand new. Once a page is created, you go to Google Search Console and request the indexing of that page. That way, you make sure this page is literally indexed within 24 hours and people can find it on Google. Okay. I mean, that's amazing. My question that I do still have is like how did you know it was validated? Was there a specific number of traffic or booked calls? Like what did that look like for you versus previous apps that weren't validated? I think the only way to validate is when buyers swipe their credit card. When we got our first uh Stripe payment of $500 before we even had a product, I knew this is validated. And that happened in February 2024. And I was surprised there was even a company with a billion dollar revenue booking a call with me. For me, that was a clear sign. That is insane. Nobody else is doing this. This is an underserved opportunity. We should do this right now because if I can rank with a fake landing page for this keyword and this big company books a call with me, I should do this opportunity. Okay, this is amazing. I love how you did this. What I want to get from you is the validation playbook. If you were starting over from scratch with a new product right now, what would be your playbook to validate before you build? Step one, have a job. I think the best pain point to find B2B ideas is not look around on Reddit or something because business owners, frankly, they don't really check Reddit. The best way to be in a business is having a job at some point of your life. So, having a job, I think, is actually an absolute advantage compared to indie hackers or builders who never had a job because they don't really know all the processes that happen in a business. Step number two, set up a landing page. Do some basic SEO research. Go to hrefs or go to any free SEO tool. Search for keywords that buyers would search for. Step three, set up a Calendarly link. They see your face on a call. They know you're a real human. They trust you. And then you try to close them on a call and try to swipe their credit card while you're on a sales call. Step four, the deposit framework. Don't say, "Please pay for my non-existing solution." Or even make them pay monthly for something that is not there. The better way is deliver as much value as you can and give them a 100% refundable deposit offer. Say, for example, $500 you take down. It's a onetime payment that you take and the buyer gets full access to your product. Once it launches, you can also put some urgency in there. For example, this secures you a spot in the first launch of the product. Also, one big point, go high ticket. If you go this route and do a do a call with the buyer, don't charge them $20 or something. Charge them something serious so you know they are in. Nothing validates your idea more than someone swiping their credit card. Step five, give it some time to incubate. So, if you go the SEO route, it's going to take a little bit of time, but you will get serious buyers because they search for a solution. So, give it a little bit of time to incubate. I love how Teemo shared the exact framework for how to validate before building. Collecting cash before writing code is definitely the way to go, especially if you want to ship a successful app as a solo founder. But when it comes to actually building the app, you might lose all momentum. So many founders waste weeks, if not months, on the UI stage, tweaking spacing and buttons and second-guessing every layout at 1:00 a.m. in the morning. And that's where Mobin comes in. And yes, they're today's sponsor, but honestly, they're one of my favorite tools for getting out of the design spiral fast and building something beautiful. Mobin is basically a giant organized vault of realworld product designs. actual apps, actual screens broken down by feature, flow, style, all of it. So instead of guessing on how to design a pricing page or an onboarding flow, you can just see how the best apps in the world do it and build from that 10 times faster. Mobin has personally saved me hours and honestly, it makes designing kind of fun again. Just click the first link in the description if you want to check out Mobin right now. They're offering starter story members 20% off their annual pro plan. Huge thank you to Mobin for supporting this video. Let's get back into it. I'm also curious to hear from you guys. You're busy building your business, but I'm sure you're seeing lots of other cool ideas you could be building right now. What are some good ideas that you think are worth starting in 2025? AI is super hot right now, and it opens up so many new opportunities and possibilities that haven't been there before, but also opportunities to do something in completely new and different ways. There are also so many non-technical people who want to build with AI. So facilitating that for them, gluing softwares together or automating workflows is the play. I think one idea from me, Lovable for mobile apps. So Lovable is absolutely great for building simple web apps, landing pages, but I realized most internet users are on mobile and mobile apps are not as easy to build as web apps. So if someone can figure out a builder like lovable but for let's say swift apps I think that is one of the biggest opportunities you can go after and I think that could even be bigger than lovable itself which has like a billion dollar valuation. Okay so the next thing I I want to switch to is growth. Obviously this validation strategy is a great way to get those first customers get that initial demand but then you need to sort of scale it and figure out a growth strategy. So what did you guys do for setter? >> We basically went purely inbound. We figured to just double down on what works already and what validated the idea because that's where our first customers came from and that was SEO and content. Once we launched our actual website for Seti within a week, we ranked on page one on Google and now ranked number one worldwide for this keyword. The SEO growth came through main strategies. First, building free tools that people can search up such as free sales script generator. Second, log articles that compare to other big tools in the space. for instance, something like HubSpot alternatives. The third one, and that's a very underrated one, is definitely YouTube long format. Most of the customers we closed came through watching at least one YouTube video before jumping on a call. YouTube and watching long format content by nature has this high intent from the watcher, but then also creates insane trust into your business already. Also, it's the second biggest search engine after Google. Think about that. >> Okay. Well, let's dive into some of the numbers behind the business. I'm curious, how's this business doing financially? What are some of the revenue profit that you could share? >> Pretty much exactly 10K last month. Uh we had higher months before, but August is always a slow month in B2B. We had around 2,000 total signups of uh businesses. Um we have focused more on the higher paying businesses because we saw lower churn with these. So our paying customer number is only 38 but therefore these are like high value businesses. We also applied to YC five times. Uh we got one interview and we have not been selected yet. Also, our channel on YouTube has 600 subs and uh we also got some acquisition offers recently that we are weighing. Thanks for sharing that. On that same note, I'd also love to hear about your tech stack. How does this business run? What's the stack you're using and what tools you use to run the business? >> We use hrefs for SEO, use answer the public for YouTube video ideas, I use Zapier to automate tedious task. I use Beehive for email automation and newsletters. I use Calendarly to schedule appointments. We use Webflow to host the landing page and the CMS and your businessnumber.com to buy phone numbers. On the tech side, we have a pretty scalable and straightforward mainly serverless stack. It's built on top of TypeScript and SWELGit. The database is a Postgress host both on render and superbase which are combined at around $150 per month. We use Puppeteer for browser automation and fall back to OpenAI for all of the AI stuff. We also use things like the brand fetch API. We use Plausible for analytics. It's just $29 a month and just so much easier to use and better than Google Analytics in our opinion. For development, we're hosted on Netlifi. We use Cursor for AI assisted coding. >> Cool. And on that same note, what does it cost to run a B2B SAS like this? What are the margins like? >> The margins are great. Without ads, it's 90 plus%. Tried ads, hired some freelancers for some work, so it's more down to like 80%. The highest cost per month is OpenAI API around $250 a month or hiring some Upwork freelancers here and there which can add up to $500 a month. Well, thanks for sharing that. The last question that I have for both of you is advice for anyone watching this channel. If you were to start over today or if you could stand on the shoulders of Teemo and Joseph when they were just starting out trying to figure out how to do this thing online, what would be your advice? >> Charge early on. Don't be afraid to charge because charging creates urgency and commitment not only from you but also your customer. Go high ticket. It makes your life easier. Sell to rich people, they pay better is what Homozi likes to say. >> Beautiful. Thank you guys for coming on the channel. I love the business you built. You did it in just over a year, which is amazing. I'm sure it's going to keep growing. And uh you guys are awesome. Thanks for coming on. >> Thanks for having us, Pat. >> Thank you. >> Thank you to Joseph and Teemo for coming on to the channel. I think what they did is a great example of how to build lean, successful apps that might change your life. If you're looking to get started and do something similar yourself, well, I have something for you. Starter Story Build is our program where you will go from an idea to a working app in less than 2 weeks. Frankly, this wasn't possible before AI. But now, with the right structure, you can do it even if you have a full-time job or no coding experience. Just click the link in the description to start a story build if you want to learn more. Otherwise, I hope you guys enjoyed this episode. I'll see you in the next one. Peace. [Music]


===== VIDEO _KaFS4Dxs5k =====
TITLE: How I Built a $10K/Month SaaS (Beginner Strategy)
DURATION: 632.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I met a guy who has the perfect strategy for finding micro SASS ideas. >> I think anyone can build a business like mine. >> And with this simple strategy, he's been able to build a pretty successful business. >> Today, EUFO makes 11,000 MR. >> He didn't need to come up with a brand new idea. He didn't need a crazy marketing strategy. He just focused on one simple thing. I think anyone can copy this strategy to make their first $10,000. and I had Abby Shake come on the channel and break down this strategy step by step. >> In my opinion, the best approach to build a SAS is >> in this video, we'll go over where to start looking for ideas, how to identify if one is worth working on, and how to get your first customer without actually building anything. I think you're going to like this one. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Abby Shake to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built and what's your story. >> My name is Abhishek and I built EUform. It's an alternative to Typeform. I launched it in 2023 and over last 2 years we have grown it to around 11,000 MR now. >> Okay. So immediately I just want to get into it right away. I think your approach is super cool kind of finding this big idea building a small version of it. Can you tell me about how you even came up with the idea on how to do this? I was working on my previous SAS which was a no code chatbot builder. It was called Bflow and it had 200 users or so. So majority of them were using it because they wanted a conversational form. And when I talked to them and found that they were using it as an alternative to Typhone, I found that Tyform recently uh raised their pricing. So then I found there was like a gap in the market. But pricing is something that I found like that can't be the only reason. So I then searched Twitter, Reddit, Typhform's own forum and all. I found there are like some other features as well that users want and Typhoon is not providing. So then I solved uh that chatbot builder botflow and started working on new form. >> Okay. I mean you just talked about it right there. You called it finding the gap. What do you mean exactly by that? >> Finding the gap is something where you can you know take something which is already working. people are using it but there are some gaps like uh some pain points people are not finding with the current competitors. If you can fill that gap you can definitely get users. I think like most of our developers think most of the ideas or most of things have already built in the market right but there is always a gap. >> Thank you for sharing that. I mean I just love this strategy taking a big idea building a really small version of it maybe even undercutting the prices building other features. Tell me about why you think other people watching this should adopt this approach as well. >> In my opinion, the best approach to build a SAS is you should not invent things. As a indie hacker, as a bootstrap, you can't create the next Uber. You can't create the next Facebook. You need a lot of money for that in your BC funding. In fact, you should approve the market which is already validated like there are already big players there. So, people are actually using it and then just find the gap. Okay, let's take a deeper dive into the finding the gap strategy. Can you break down this strategy so that someone watching could think about how they could do something similar? >> The idea is simple. Step one, you look for a popular tool and search social platforms like Twitter and Reddit with keywords like X alternative where X is basically the product with lots of users. So for in my case, it was type form. Then step two, find the pain points or gaps which they are not solving. It is fine if the pain point is pricing but only if pricing is too high. Then step three reach out to those users with your solution with just a basic landing page explaining your solution. So messaging is the key here. And bonus point step four have a tool to simply easily migrate your competitor's user to your platform with a one click. In Uformm we have a landing page where you can paste your type form URL and it will generate a U form within few seconds. So people can see like okay uh this is what we are getting in. >> Okay cool. So I mean that's that's an awesome strategy. You're a busy founder. You don't have time to go build other things. But people watching this might be wondering okay how can I do this strategy right now? What are the big hundred million dollar companies out there that I can kind of go do the same thing you did? So what would be your advice or ideas you have around that? >> Yeah. So there are uh lots of opportunities there which I would love to build but I don't have time to do. Two of them which I can state right away. One is getting alternative. This is the my personal pain point I have faced because we are small startup and Kenny has recently trying to go up market. So I searched for a lot of Cany alternative in the market but none as simple as cany. Apart from that there is a one gap that I found recently. This is an app where you can build your forest the digital forest by doing some habits. And why you should build an alternative right now is if you search with the latest reviews there most of them are one star. I think these are the things that you should do but you will find that there are people who say that okay Facebook is crap I I don't want to go there but definitely don't build things like a social media and marketplace or something that is something that as an indie hacker you should always stay on >> all right before we wrap up with Abby Shakes's story I wanted to pop in with a question what do you want to build no seriously what project have you been thinking about for a long time maybe it's a microSAS like the one we're talking about today or Maybe it's just a simple tool that will help you be more productive. Whatever it is, AI has made it possible to build anything. But let's be honest, it's still really hard to figure out where to start. I get DMs every single day from people asking me how to build, what to build, and what tools to actually use. So, I decided to create something that makes it easier for you to build with AI. It's called Starter Story Build, and it's our program where in just a few days, you'll go from a simple idea to a productionready app. You'll get guidance from our resonant experts and you'll get the road map for how to build with AI forever. Honestly, I wish this existed when I was just starting out. So, if you're curious, check out the link in the description to learn more about Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the episode. I'd love to learn a little bit more about you form and just walk me a little bit through kind of how you built it. Just give me a highle overview of like what you did until you got the first paying customer and so on. So my approach was simple. I uh didn't actually made like all the features that Tyform was providing. So we initially didn't do anything which might be like a fancy landing page or a logo or anything that like that. The first version of Euform had just you can collect some data using like fields like name, email, star rating and all. And uh apart from that you can just download your uh data as a CSV. There was no integrations with Google sheet API etc. Nothing was available there. So this was an MVB that I think uh I built in 2 weeks and the landing page was a basic landing page that time which just had a start using uh EU which used to take you to the EU build and later on like my wife created the current page when we got like I guess 200 plus users. >> Okay, cool. I mean that's awesome. The next question that I have is around some of the numbers behind it. I know you're super transparent about that stuff. So how's the business going and and share with me some of the numbers? Yeah, currently we are doing around 11,000 MR and there are around 35,000 or so users, registered users and paying customers is around 500 something. We are actually basically done a premium model I guess 90% plus of features are free. So our conversion rate is around somewhere around 1.5 to less than 2%. traffic per month we get around 35,000 visitors per month unique visitors and apart from that a good stat right now is we have recently crossed 4 million form submissions >> cool well thanks for sharing that uh what tech stack did you use to build this business and what tools do you use on daily basis >> yeah so is built on Laravel I chose Laravel basically because I love it I'm working on this since last I guess 10 years so I wanted to keep the stag which I'm comfortable with and it is hosted on AWS Amazon AWS We use cloudflare for security and um storage. Apart from that stripe for payments. Uh we use open AI uh a lot for fraud detection because our premium model lots of bad users comes in who tries to get the system. Then we use slite for help docs. They are great. Apart from the Gmail for bugspace, simple analytics for web analytics, carry for feedback management and mail gun for email. Then in total I think our last month expense was around less than $1,200. Next question I have is you know you built this successful business. What have been some of the most surprising lessons that you've learned along the journey? >> First of all the messaging is important with your app. The message about what your product does should resonate with basically your ideal customer. After that it is all about how good your product is and uh your customer support which will not only keep your existing customers but they will also refer others to your product. And the last question is, if you could stand on Abby Shakes's shoulder before you had this successful business, this amazing SAS business that you built, what would be your advice to yourself or to people watching this who want to do something similar? If you are young, take risk early because you have less responsibilities and don't neglect marketing. That is important thing. Apart from that, I would say don't build things because you can. If you really want a SAS business to support your lifestyle, then I think you should first search for what people are looking for and then build it. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Abishek, for coming on. I love the business that you built and I hope to see you at 100,000 MR. >> Thank you, V. Thanks a lot, >> man. I just loved hearing about how Abbyek thinks about building apps. I think this strategy is cool because it's very approachable. There are a lot of lowhanging fruit out there that exists like this where you can go find a big company, figure out what users like and dislike, and then build that micro version of it. It's not necessarily easy, but the strategy is pretty simple, and I think it's very doable. And with tools like Lovable and Cursor, you can spin up these projects and get started and have a real working prototype in just a few hours. And that's exactly why we built and launched Starter Story Build. In a few days, you'll learn how to build stuff with AI. And who knows, in a few months, you might have your own $10,000 per month microsass. If you're interested in Starter Story Build, head to the first link in the description to learn more. Thank you again for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO NvtsM8Nk72c =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $23K/month micro-saas
DURATION: 669.0
TRANSCRIPT:
So, I'm Andy Cloak. I'm the founder of Data Fetcher and I make $23,000 a month in recurring revenue. >> This is Andy. He's a solo founder who lives in London and he built a successful micro SAS with one simple strategy. >> So, step one is you want to find a I brought him onto the channel to break down exactly how he built this $23,000 per month business. In this video, we'll go over the genius platform strategy hiding in plain sight, his six-step framework for finding $20,000 per month ideas, and a few business ideas that you can build in 2025. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Andy, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hey, Pat, great to be here. So, I'm Andy Cloak. I'm the founder of Data Fetcher. It's now at 600 paying customers and it makes $23,000 a month in current revenue and I work on it as a solo founder. >> All right. Well, before we get into what data fetcher is, how it works, can you just give me a little bit of background on your story and how you got here? >> Yeah, sure. So, I studied engineering at university, but I never loved it. I always wanted to launch my own projects and so I taught myself to code and then I was working as a freelance React developer in London for various startups kind of launching things on the side trying to get something off the ground and none of them would go anywhere until the first one that kind of made some money which was a Tik Tok influencer directory. So I was scraping Tik Tok, selling that data as a SAS business and that got to a few thousand dollars a month in MR and I sold it and that kind of bought me a few months off to come up with the next thing something a bit more sustainable and I was kind of trying to launch like an IPO's newsletter. I was pulling financial data into Air Table to manage it all there and that really swed the seed for what would then become data fetcher years later. >> Okay. Can you tell me a little bit more about data fetcher what it is and what it actually does? Yeah. So, data fetcher is an air tableable extension that lets you connect to any other platform. So, rather than like manually pulling your data into your air table database, you can connect it up using APIs and then schedule that to happen automatically. And it's a super flexible tool. So, we have people doing marketing data. So, pulling in like Facebook ads, Google Analytics, we have people doing operations type workflows. So, the use cases honestly keep on surprising me like even 5 years in. And that's honestly one of the best parts of running the business is seeing what people build with it. >> That's awesome. You built your app on top of a platform, Air Table. How did you find the opportunity to build on this platform and why did you decide to build a business on top? >> Yeah, so I saw a very similar add-on for Google Sheets called API connector and they were doing super well. They had like 100,000 users and seemed to be like smashing it. Kind of the perfect lifestyle business. And having run into this problem on Air Table before, I thought, could I build this for this new platform that's taken off? Air table was just growing super fast and they just launched this marketplace and I kind of validated it by looking at their forums to see what problems people were running into. And there seemed to be this need for like a really flexible tool. That was kind of the validation stage. All right. Well, before we get back into how Andy built this $23,000 per month micro SAS. Let's talk about what made this possible. He didn't try to create the next unicorn. He just built a simple tool to solve his own problem. And what started as a small side project completely changed his life. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. It's your place to build and launch your side project using AI tools like Lovable and Cursor. And in just a few days, you'll learn how to use AI to build fully working apps and actually launch your project to the world. We've had hundreds of people go through the program and launch their first side project. So, if you're serious about launching something this year, this is where to start. Just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to Andy's story. when it comes to building on platforms like Air Table, what are the pros and cons of building on top of a growing platform like Air Table? >> Yeah. So, the main benefit I guess is distribution, right? So, being on the marketplace, especially being early to a marketplace like that, on a growing platform, you've just got this steady stream of super qualified leads and they trust you because you've been approved by the platform themselves. So, the other benefit of it is just it's big enough to kind of change my life financially, but it's not such a big opportunity that there's loads of people raising loads of money to come and build like a $100 million business. So it's kind of in this perfect indie hacker opportunity space where it just like sits in that sweet spot. I guess the main downside is the platform risk. So like your tool becoming kind of redundant overnight. Air Table have been pretty good so far. They've been a great kind of platform to build on. And I look at it as data fetcher sits in this sweet swap between they have scripting and they have no code imports but they're unlikely to build something that like goes completely in between the two of them. And so I think it's safe for now. Touchwood. >> Cool. You mentioned to me that you have kind of a framework for finding ideas to build on growing platforms. Could you break that down a little bit for us? >> Yeah, of course. So, the first step is obviously finding that platform and there's a tool I love for this which is exploding in topics. Step two, you then want to find a painoint on that platform and you can look in their forums, on Reddit, on Twitter. You just want to find that use case. Step three is you want to borrow a proven add-on or pattern from like a more established platform. So for me that was obviously Google Sheets and Air Table and borrow all the kind of like UX from that as well as making it native or feel native to the platform you're on. Step four is you want to check you can integrate with your growing platform. So you want to look for is there a public API? Is there a marketplace an extension SDK? Step five is you want to do some napkin maths to find the size of the opportunity. Work out how many users does this platform have? How common is this problem? And then how much are people willing to pay for it. So again, you can use that established platform to look at price points on there and assume they'll be roughly similar on the growing platform. And step six, you want to work out will the platform crush you? How likely is this platform to build this into their feature set? And so you can look at their road map. You can look at their support forums and things like that and work out what kind of noises are they putting out about this feature that you're trying to build as well as how native does it feel like? How likely are they to add this as a native feature? And that's the hardest one to do, right? Because how can we see into the future? But you can use all of the data that you can find on the internet and just kind of like back into does this feel like an opportunity and then you just have to go for it. >> All right. So that framework's awesome based on your framework and kind of what's hot right now. What are some great platforms to be building on right now that the audience watching could potentially build something? >> Yeah. So I think Notion is a great platform to build on. So it's not the newest tool, but it's still growing like crazy and the API is relatively new. So I think there's a bunch of opportunities around automation, around reporting and getting data in and out of notion. Another one that I love is Figma. And so I think there's loads of little opportunities with things like exporting Figma to Web Flow to Framer to whatever kind of CMS or web design tool that you want to use or hosting tool. The last thing I'd say is probably not building on like chatpt or claude. So although there's like huge growth in those tools, everyone and their dog is building for Chat GPT and Claude just because there's so much competition. I think you're better off trying to use those tools to superpower your business and your tool. >> That's great. How did you grow this app from basically zero to $23,000 a month? >> Yeah. So, I got the first customer after a few days. As I said earlier, just the benefit of being on a platform so early and then I found that I could see certain use cases coming up again and again, certain APIs that people connecting to. So, I started doing content marketing around those use cases. So writing blog posts, creating YouTube videos on the most popular integrations and then that just drove it through to like 1K and MRR after a few months and then 3K after a year and then I realized that I could make it even easier for people. So I started building these no code integrations so for even less technical people to use data fetcher and that drove it through to 10,000 in MR after the first year and then it was just that rinse and repeat for a couple years. So talking to customers, getting the feedback, building it in and then telling people about it through content marketing. Went to 20K after 3 years. >> Cool. Well, thank you for sharing that. Let's switch uh topics a little bit and let's talk about tech stack. How did you build this? What tech did you use and kind of what tools you use on a daily basis? >> Yeah, so the extension itself is Typescript and React and Air Table's own extension SDK. And then the back end is also TypeScript and Postgress, GraphQL and Node. Obviously the front ends like the web app the marketing site is Nex.js JS and Tailwind Shad CN it's all hosted on Heroku so the API and the database and stuff like that for the kind of schedule stuff the workers that's on HTNA which like a super lowcost hosting provider help scout for support tickets fastmail for email plausible for analytics mailer light for the email newsletter chart mogul for analytics and then obviously air table itself for like product roadmap content pipeline everything like that >> cool that's awesome on the same note let's talk about costs you're making $23,000 a month. What do the costs and margins look like for a business like this? >> Yeah, so the biggest cost by far is the hosting. So the hosting is like $2,500 a month. The tools that I just mentioned, all those SAS tools come to about $1,000. The office that I go to, the co-working is $150. So the total margin is 85%, the default state is super lean, which is the perks of SAS business. >> Cool. Well, thank you for sharing that. Have there been any lessons that you've learned going from, you know, trying to figure out what idea to build to actually being a really successful indie hacker in the space? >> The biggest lesson has been the power of focus over chasing shiny objects. So, over the few years, I've wasted probably 6 months trying to launch side businesses. And each time that I was working on them, the thing that I tell myself is that it was because of platform risk or the market saturation, whatever it was. But really, it was cuz growth had slowed and I was getting bored and losing motivation. What I do now, it's a bit weird, but I use Claude as kind of like a business coach. So, every time I start to get distracted or I'm not working hard enough, I literally go to Claude and I say, "Be my business coach and make me focus on the thing that's working and talk me out of trying to launch something new." And I'm embarrassed to say that it actually works pretty well. And so, it's almost like having a co-founder, having that accountability. >> That's amazing. Last question that we ask everyone who comes on the channel, if you could stand on Andy's shoulder, you know, before you had a successful business, what would be your advice to young Andy? >> So, I'd tell young Andy to do proper user testing. do it early and do it often because I wasted almost an entire year without ever speaking to the people that are using what I'd built. And in one afternoon, I found all of these UX issues and solving those, you know, increased the revenue, increase the usage, increased everything almost overnight. You learn why they actually like your tool over other tools. As easy as it is not to do, speak to the people that are using what you've built. >> Well, that's great advice. Talk to your customers. Thank you, Andy, for coming on the channel and your business is awesome. excited to see you hopefully come back sometime again. Thank you, man. >> Thanks so much. That was great. >> All right. I want to thank Andy for coming on to the channel. I love his story because he launched this thing as just a simple side project and eventually he grew it into a business that changed his life. I think anyone can launch apps like these and start to work toward their dream business. And again, this is why we created Starter Story Build. It's a program where we teach you how to use AI to build your next project. And in just a few days, we'll take you from idea to a working app ready to ship to the world. Just head to the link in the description to learn more about how to join Starter Story Build. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO miEUhwSR2-0 =====
TITLE: My AI App Makes $100K/Month
DURATION: 751.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I walked away from my career to build my own thing. >> This is Nico, and he did something that, let's be honest, is really hard. He gave up his entire career. >> I didn't really know what I was doing. >> He was on the traditional path until two letters made him rethink everything. >> AI. AI. >> AI. >> AI. >> Building an AI is the best decision I ever made. >> I know, I know. AI is all the rage right now, but this episode is about a normal guy who saw an opportunity and decided to make the leap. and you'll learn why he left his entire career behind to build an AI and why you should too. How to build niche viral apps and the opportunities to build an AI right now. This one's going to be fun. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Nico to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi everyone, I'm Nico. I'm the founder of Neurrames, which is a platform to create AI music videos. I've been a physicist in my previous life and was also always an active musician. And in the end of 2022, I started building neural frames. It was kind of my first full stack software project ever. And the first year I built it as a soloreneur and now we are a team of five and last month we made $100,000. >> All right. Well, tell me a little bit more about Neuraloframes. Uh what exactly does this tool do? >> So, Neuroframes is a tool to create AI music videos. It's an AI music video generator. If you're a musician, you need lots of visual content. For every song that you put out, you need visual content to go along with it. And traditionally, visual content is actually kind of hard to produce. So, we try to make this easier. Um, use several AI tools for it. Most of our users are hobby or indie musicians, some professional musicians, too. And then there's a lot of people actually that create music now with AI music tools and come to Neuroframes to make music videos for these songs. I saw >> what I think is super cool about your story is that you went through a full career change. you were doing something else and then you stumbled into AI. Can you tell me a little bit more about your background before you got started with neural frames? >> I studied physics in 2016. I finished my masters. I was kind of fed up with physics already. But as I was looking for jobs to do, I found that those were not really interesting to me and so I didn't really know what to do with my life and did a PhD regardless. And in 2018, I ran the first scientific simulations and discovered that I really like programming. When I was done with my PhD in 2020, I joined a deep tech startup working kind of at the intersection of computer vision and physics. Was cool. I learned a lot about AI and programming and then eventually in 2022 started building new frames. >> Okay, let's dive into that a little bit. You were deep in this PhD academia world for years. How did you decide that you wanted to drop everything and just completely change careers? >> Yeah, deep down I must say I was never ultra passionate about physics. I was good in it and so I kept on doing it. But I always had the feeling that there would be more for me somehow and I wanted to build something that affects people in the real world. Maybe that improves somebody's lives. I think deep down in me there is a wish to be seen in the world and actually the startup environment is perfect for it because every decision I make has direct impact on the startup which is really great. >> All right, before we finish Nico's story, I want to talk to the solo founders watching this. Going solo doesn't mean staying small. And if you hit 1 million ARR, you probably have enterprise customers. But those customers don't just ask what does your product do. They want to know if you're compliant. Words like sock 2, HIPPA, and ISO 2701 can be hard to understand. And if you're not up to date with your compliance, the deal is probably dead before it even starts. That's why we partnered with Vanta on this video. Vanta is the platform that automates the hard stuff around security and compliance so you can focus on your product. Vanta hooks into your stack, runs continuous checks, and keeps the evidence all clean for the auditors so you can stay in build mode while Vanta handles the paperwork. Thousands of fast growing companies like Ramp, Atlassian, Langchain, and Cursor are to use Vanta to prove security in real time. So, if you're just getting started, Vanta put together this free compliance for startups bundle. It has checklists, case studies, and step-by-step breakdowns to help you get compliant before you lose the deal. Just click the first link in the description to download it for free. Huge thanks to Vanta for supporting the channel. Now, let's get back to Nico. What would be your advice for someone who might be watching this who is considering changing their career building with AI? >> I think the most common thing holding people back is two things. One is they are scared that things won't work out and the second might be that they are scared they can't do it maybe due to technical challenges. I think for the former there's really no reason to be scared to be honest because there's nothing to lose. You will learn so much by switching careers, by building something your own that you will easily make up for it later on, even if it doesn't work out, right? And people should also not be scared of the technical challenges. It's never been easier to build something. It's incredible. With these AI tools, you feel like a superhuman. You can just build anything you want in a crazy speed. The worst case that can happen is that, yeah, I tried to do something new and you can always go back to get your old job. >> All right, let's jump back to the idea. How did you find the idea for neural frames? How specifically did you find this amazing idea? >> I believe very strongly in the around find out principle. So meaning just do many random things all across the board. Imagine this as regions in the whole universe of ideas that you populate. Then something magical happens actually when multiple of these things that you've done in the past combine. For instance, in my case, I was doing computer vision and then music a lot. And turns out that these two can meet in the field of AI animation for music videos, right? Maybe one practical tip also is um what I do now, what I find useful to spot ideas is I use SEO tools such as hrefs for instance. If you have an idea, try to find a keyword that people might be looking for this idea. If it has a certain volume, let's say more than thousand monthly searches or something and a low difficulty, it means you're on to something because people are searching for something and there's not already thousand solutions for it. >> That's great. What kind of opportunities do you see in AI right now? What are some good business ideas to be building in AI? >> Too many. It's hard to restrain myself from building side projects. I find customizable media at the moment very interesting. I would love to have an AI podcast generator. In general, I think voice mode and audio interface is very interesting. I would love to have an executive coach who I can talk to on my way to the office and just it has access to my calendar and knows what's up. Maybe has access to Slack and I can just bounce off ideas and and do weekly planning with that. Yeah, I think there's many things that you can rethink nowadays with AI. >> All right. So, one thing I noticed about neural frames is that it's an AI video generative tool just for musicians. Was it always like this? >> Niching down was a huge unlock for us actually. So, I had no clear use case. The tagline on the landing page was text to video for everyone which is really not great to be honest. And the smart friend actually told me I will have a much easier time uh selling this product if I decide on one particular use case. And this was very smart because imagine the following scenario. Yeah, you're a musician. You come to a site, it says text to video for everyone or AI video generator and then you already need to do a mental step. Hm, maybe I can do music videos here, right? Some people will not do this. So, you lose already some people versus you come to a site, it says, bam, this is the platform to create music videos. This is what you've been waiting for, dear musician. So, you will feel much more home and you are much more likely to tell your friends about it. So, it's become a better product for your use case. >> Okay, that's awesome. Let's take a detour a little bit to the growth of this business. How did you go from just an idea and an MVP to $100,000 a month? >> It was a long journey for sure. So maybe the first internet money I made with a post on Hacker News. I I posted on Hacker News kind of a week after I set this live. The whole product looked terrible. I think this actually resonated with the crowd on Hacker News who are kind of, you know, a bit nerdy and it didn't look like a commercial product at all. And then it reached, I think, top six on a on a Sunday which just blew up my phone. I I was having dinner with friends and saw 350 people in the last 30 minutes on the side and ran home to try to keep the GPUs alive. This was really great. Got me a lot of interesting cos, lots of backlinks, first internet money and then I just kept building things, tried to try to make the product better. I kept reaching out to AI people. I made use of SEO kind of early on. Dedicated landing pages, free tools definitely still work really well on Google. One other thing that I did which resonated with people and that helped me was that I played the indie hacker. solar prneur card aggressively in the footer of the site that says no VC money just a tiny company in love with text to videos like I tried to keep it very personal my photo was everywhere I recorded the YouTube tutorials and I think there is some value in that I think people buy from people and not from companies and so they felt connected to me this was kind of a flywheel of of making the product a bit better known >> okay great let's dive into some of the numbers of this business can you share some of the numbers behind this business how many users how much revenue this is doing >> we have around 1,500 customers bringing in $100,000 a month. We have around 100,000 monthly active users, so visitors coming to the site. And then I think in total now we have had 1.5 million videos finished on frames, which is also wild. >> 1.5 million AI videos generated. That's insane. On that note, can you tell me about the tools, languages, and stack that you use to build this SAS and run this business? >> Yeah, so nowadays I use cursor for coding. The back end is written in Python. The front end is written in Nex.js. We use runpod for our GPUs. We use file for text to video APIs. We use post talk for analytics which is awesome. Slack for communication. Linear for task tracking. Notion for internal documentation if we document something. Hrefs for SEO which I really like. Intercom for customer support. Email Octopus for newsletters and stuff. And then we have a custom Telegram bot that alerts us if the servers are down which turned out to be really useful. And then of course Chad GBT as my therapist and uh all kinds of random tasks that come up in the startup journey. >> Nice. And you mentioned costs earlier. You're doing about $100,000 per month in revenue. What are the costs to run an AI generative SAS business? >> At the moment we're spending around $45,000 per month just for GPUs and text video APIs. So almost half. And then 5K maybe for servers, storage, hosting and stuff like that. Then we're spending I think now thousand bucks a month on cursor at the moment which is wild thanks to us and then we have some other expenses. I mean $300 per month for email octopus $200 per month for sale 120 I think for post talk 110 maybe for hrefs 100 for intercom is not much profit in the end. >> Thank you for sharing all that. What's a key lesson that you've learned in your journey going from a PhD in physics to building your own AI apps having a really successful business? What's the key lesson you've learned? You would think as a bootstrap company you are in disadvantage to VC back companies but I think this is often times actually not true. It's of course easier to get off the ground as a VC back business but once you have some traction as a bootstrap business you're actually much more free to make moves. I mean we can target a much lower market size as a bootstrap business then a VC back company needs to reach a billion dollars in valuation and otherwise it's not worth doing it right and I'm I'm much more relaxed here. I don't need to do this. So this is nice because it means we can target certain problems that maybe VC back companies won't target. >> Yep. The last question I have for you, we ask all founders who come on the channel. If you could stand on Nico's shoulder when you know he was considering leaving the PhD, leaving the old career, what would be your advice? >> Do it. Don't be scared. >> Something that I learned for sure is the most important part is try to solve a problem and just focus on solving the problem for somebody. Somebody pays for a problem solved. They don't pay for the tech around it. They don't care about this. Yeah, >> that's great advice. Thank you, Nico, for coming on. The business you built is awesome. Good luck in the future and hope to have you on soon. >> Thank you very much, Pat. Been a pleasure. >> I love Nico's story because of the career change that is really hard to do. He had his entire path before him, but then gave it all up to do something else. Build with AI. I love this because it's proof that anyone from any background can learn how to use AI to bring an idea to life. It's cliche, but I really do think learning how to use AI will unlock things you never thought possible. And that's exactly why I launched Starter Story Build. It's a program designed to help anyone learn the basics of building with AI. And in just a few days, you'll have a working app ready to ship into the world. If you're curious or interested in this, head to the first link in the description to check out more about Starter Story Build. Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO rPguT9z6kRQ =====
TITLE: How I Finally Built a $10K/Month SaaS (30 Failures)
DURATION: 708.0
TRANSCRIPT:
We get the same complaints on every YouTube video. You just talk about successful ideas, but what about the failures? I hear you and I get it. So, today we're doing something a little different. Today, we're talking to Thomas, a guy who's failed with over 30 ideas. >> I failed way more often than I ever succeeded. >> After failing with over 30 ideas over many years, something finally clicked. Yeah, it started to grow step by step until I reached $10,000 of revenue last month. >> In this video, Thomas breaks down the five core reasons why your project will fail, what he thinks makes a good idea, and what makes a bad idea, and why his new project finally worked and made $10,000 a month. >> I wasn't even sure this would ever work. >> Thomas' journey is what it actually looks like to build a successful business. And this video might change how you think about building online forever. A lot of indie hackers, especially developers, don't realize this. >> All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. >> All right, welcome Thomas to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Thomas, and I'm the founder of Unid. You need is a product alternative that makes $10,000 per month. But before this, I launched more than 30 projects that all failed. One of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on this channel is that you have built a ton of stuff and most of them failed. Lots of different projects. Can you just tell me about some of the projects you built? I built Gum affiliates. It was a marketplace to connect Gumroad sellers with affiliates. I think I met something like 500 bucks from it, but I just gave up after 2 years. I also built a simple platform in a day with my girlfriend called Frisbee, a platform to exchange feedback about your product, but never published it. We can have a look at my GitHub account and yeah, as you can see, I have a lot of repositories and most of them are abandoned. For example, this one, the repository is named SCS, but the name of the project was Gidley and it was a simple website builder. This one was a simple Twitter feed. I built something really useless called Cidi, a simple web app to manage your plans. Actually, I used it for maybe a year or two for myself. This one was a bookmark manager. And yeah, there are a lot of things on my GitHub profile. >> All right, so you showed me all your failed projects. There's a lot in there and you spent a lot of time kind of thinking about why those didn't work. I'd love if you could break down the reasons why these projects failed. >> I think the first reason is because we give up too early. You know, I often see people launching a project and giving up after a week or two because they haven't had any registrations or sales and so on. But I don't think a product will ever work overnight. I think we have to make sure the market exists and we have to kind of iterate and iterate again and iterate again learning from our mistakes. Another reason is maybe your purpose is unclear. I've seen hundreds of landing page that may look great with a lot of animation details and so on, but if people don't understand exactly what your product is offering when they read your headline, it's a lose and lose situation. Nobody's going to scroll down if they don't understand your headline. Another reason could be the loss of momentum. When I think about my failed project, I realize a huge part of them failed because of this loss of momentum. That's a classic mistake. If you build in public, every time you post about your product on social media, you create momentum. Step by step, people will see the name of your product, your name in their feed. They'll end up remembering you and your product and recognizing it. If you stop talking about your project for a few weeks or a month, you have to start again to build this momentum. Another reason I often see the phrase build it and they will come. I just hate that phrase and I think it's very wrong. People won't come to see your product because it has amazing feature or things like that. No matters what your product is. If you don't do any marketing, if you don't talk about it, no one will come to your website. The last reason would be the timing. Timing is important when launching a project. If your project doesn't work in, let's say, January, it doesn't mean it won't work in July. So, my advice here would be to stay consistent and don't give up because you don't have the right timing. You never know. >> Okay, so we talked about all these reasons why projects fail. Let's now talk about the idea that actually work for you. The idea that's making over $10,000 a month. What is that? >> You need is a launch platform today where you can showcase your tech product. But it started as a simple directory for front- end tools. At first, Unid wasn't really a successful product even though it got a bit of traffic. I think I reached to $200 per month at some point, but that was my best month. So, at some point, I pivoted unit from a simple tool directory to launch platform. And at first, it was a huge failure. I was scared because my revenue went down a lot. A few months after the pivot, my revenue started to grow up again. It started to grow step by step until I reached $10,000 of revenue last month. >> And that's cool. I mean, one of the reasons why businesses sometimes don't work or why projects fail is timing. It's just too early or you stop working on it, then maybe it could have been successful later. Can you tell me a little bit about the timing aspect of Unid? If I had pivoted unit from a directory to a launch platform maybe a year before I did it could have been a huge failure. I took advantage of drama around product and a few hindi hackers who were complaining on social media about the fact that they couldn't be no featured on product or product was only talking about the big products or people with a big audiences and so on. That was the right moment to launch a concurrent an alternative to product tent. And yeah, I don't think it would have worked without this timing. >> Okay, let's just pause for one second. I know a lot of you watching are building apps right now. You've got the idea, the momentum to build it, but then you hit the UI stage and suddenly you're up at 1:00 a.m. tweaking and spacing buttons and second-guessing every single layout and design decision. Well, I have good news for you and that's where Mobin comes in. And yes, they're today's sponsor, but honestly, they're one of my favorite tools for getting out of the design spiral and building beautiful apps. Mobin is basically a giant organized vault of realworld product designs. Actual apps, actual screens, all broken down by feature, flow, style, all of it. So, instead of guessing how to design a pricing page or an onboarding flow, you can just see how the best apps in the world do it. Personally, it saved me hours and honestly, it makes design kind of fun. Again, if you want to check out Mauin, just click the first link in the description. They're offering Starter Story subscribers 20% off. All right, let's get back to the story. Okay, let's kind of pivot a little bit to ideas. A lot of people watching this are looking for ideas. You probably have a lot to share on that. So, if you could potentially break down based on your experience, what makes a good idea for an online business and what's a bad idea? >> The better thing that make an idea a good one is that you know how to sell it. That could be because you know the market, because you have a huge distribution channel, or because you have a great marketing idea. But if you don't know how to sell your idea, it's a bad one. From my personal experience, Gum affiliates, my marketplace between Gumroad sellers and affiliates, I didn't have a plan. I didn't really know Gumroad. I didn't really know the affiliation business and it failed. With unit though it was a bit different because I knew product, I knew indie hackers, I knew launch platforms, I knew the market. I started to have a great distribution channel, my Twitter account. I knew how to sell my idea. Another thing that makes an idea a good one is you have competitors. Not having competitors means that there's no market. So, you won't be able to sell anything to anyone. You're not Steve Jobs. Creating a new market is nearly impossible. So if you don't have competitors, you don't have a market and your idea won't sell. >> All right. Well, let's dive into some of the numbers behind you need your successful business that's crushing it. Can you break down those numbers? >> The revenue are very irregular. There are a lot of up and downs because it depends on my marketing ideas and my success on social media and so on. But yeah, I think you can say that it's oscillating between $8,000 per month and 10,000. In terms of numbers, I think we just reached 40,000 users on the platform. So, that's huge. I cannot even comprehend this. I think I also reached 2,000 customers. So, people who paid to skip the line or advertise their products. In terms of traffic, we're at 30,000 unique visitors per month. But there are a lot of up and downs regarding traffic, too. Another number I can share, to my opinion, it's the most important one. We redirected 10,000 people last month to the listed website. So we generated 10,000 clicks on the product. So that's a great number. >> That's amazing. Congrats. Let's talk about the tech stack. How this thing actually runs. Can you break down your tech stack for Uni? >> I use NexJS as a full stack framework. So the front end and the back end. I use superbase for the database, Bentop for the emails and automation on a lot of marketing things. The website is hosted on etsner on the VPS and I use quify to manage it. I also selfoster for the analytics. I use ferno a not very wellknown sas to end customer support. I also use a lot typeing for social media scheduling and finally I use polar merchant of record for sales. >> Cool. All right. All right. Well, the last question that we ask all founders who come on Starter Story, if you could stand on Thomas' shoulder before or during or after you had all those projects that failed, any advice you can give for people that are thinking about getting started building or have some failed projects under their belt? What would be your advice on how to get to where you are now? >> My answer to this question is going to be very personal because it depends a lot of your personality and maybe your personal life and a lot of things like that. But for me, I need to have a personal space and I'm not the type of person who can work maybe 10 hours per day. I'm not like that. I can't do that. I need to do some sport like cycling, see my friends or go outside every day, you know. And one advice I could give is you don't have to, you know, lock down in your bedroom and code and market for months without seeing anyone. You just have to pick your time and find a way to make it sustainable in the long run. And don't forget your personal life and realize you're in this game for the long run and you have as much chances of becoming rich in a month as winning the lottery. You can think of it as a marathon, not a sprint. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Thomas, for coming on the channel. I love the business you built. I think it's going to keep growing and you're going to be really successful. Thanks for coming on. >> Thank you, Pat. >> Thank you, Thomas, for coming on the channel. I think his story is awesome because it's realistic. Almost nobody I know is an overnight success. There are always years of work behind every successful project, even the ones you see on this channel. But most importantly, if you don't build anything, then you never know if it actually could be successful in the first place. And that's why we launched Starter Story Build. It's the place to learn how to build fast with AI. In just a few days, you'll have a real working app shipped to the real world. If you're interested, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this one. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 3X4VneEHvig =====
TITLE: How I Used Reddit To Build a $25K/Month Business
DURATION: 876.0
TRANSCRIPT:
Started off really slow, but we're doing about $25,000 a month in revenue now. >> This is OV niche. He's a solarreneur who built a $25,000 per month business in just 15 months with one strategy. This was the post that took me from single thousands of users to tens of thousands of users. >> And what's even crazier is that he used this strategy to get thousands of users without spending a dime on marketing. I brought niche onto the channel to break down his playbook that helped him grow to $25,000 a month. In this episode, we'll dive into what everyone gets wrong about marketing and getting users, his five-step playbook to dominate Reddit and Facebook groups, and a deep dive into the exact posts that changed his business. And >> so, that's my five-step process for figuring out how to get your early users from Facebook groups and Reddit. If you're stuck and trying to figure out exactly how to get users to your project, this one's for you. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Aish, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. My name is Anish. I'm the founder of a product called Save Wise, which is a platform that helps people earn credit card points and airline miles for things they're already buying online. started off really slow, but as I kind of found my footing with figuring out how to find my users, it's really taken off and we're doing about $25,000 a month in revenue now. >> Cool. All right. Well, let's go back to the idea. Tell me about what you were doing before. How did you come up with the idea for Save Wise? How do we get here? >> Yeah. So, I've always worked in the tech industry. I've worked at companies like Microsoft and Instagram, Foursquare, and Dropbox. But I eventually left because I always had this voice in the back of my head where I knew I wanted to build something from scratch that you know nothing existed before I actually worked on it. And in these couple of months where I was brainstorming I kept coming back to the fact that I am really good at figuring out how to find deals and stack coupons and promo codes and earn credit card points online. And at some point it sort of hit me that this is such an incredibly manual process. There had to be a better way to do it. And so I looked online to see if there was a product that fit what my process was and there really wasn't. And so I figured, you know what, if nothing else, this is a thing that I would want. So let me just try building it and see where it goes. It took a lot of hard work and eventually turned into what is now Save West today. >> That's awesome. So you find this personal problem, you build the thing, but then you realize you have to get customers. What happens next? Uh yeah, it was a a pretty tough realization that I built a product that was kind of working for me, but then I had to go and find people to actually use it. I posted on Product Hunt. Uh I posted on Hacker News. I posted on Indie Hackers and I actually got tons of traffic and then quickly realized that none of those people stuck. I think the bounce rate was like 95 96%. I got none of the feedback that I was actually looking for. Then I thought, I need to reach out to influencers and creators and people who have big audiences that can really push my product for me. I probably sent 300, 400 different emails and messages. I got a single email back out of all of those. Nobody who has an audience or influence cares about a product that is not ready is still looking for feedback. So at that point, I knew I needed to take a very different approach, a very targeted approach, and to find the people that this product was specifically designed for that I wasn't currently reaching through those tactics. >> Thanks for sharing that. One of the big reasons why I wanted to bring you on the channel is when we talked, you had told me about how you did find that strategy, how you did find those platforms. What were those platforms? What actually worked? >> So there were two main platforms that really worked for me. The first was Reddit and the other was Facebook groups specifically. And so that was sort of the initial click in my head of focus on subreddits that were more related to using products rather than building products unlike the indie hackers and the SAS subreddits and focus on the Facebook groups where people organized around travel and credit card points and things like that. >> Yeah, thanks for sharing that. I think that's a huge realization that a lot of people who come on the channel talk about. Can you break down how to get customers on Reddit and how to get customers on Facebook? >> So, I managed to break down my process into basically a five-step playbook for finding your initial users online. The first step is to just brainstorm 5, 10, 15 different keywords, interests, demographics that are the kind of people who would actually use your product online. So, when you search Reddit, for example, for some of these interest wordss or communities, you're going to find a few communities that make a lot of sense for your product. And one tool that I found really, really valuable was something called the map of Reddit. And what this tool does is you basically enter a single subreddit, so credit cards, for example, and it will search all of Reddit and visually map out all of the different subreddit communities that are vaguely or very directly related to that particular subreddit. And so it almost allowed me to traverse from one community to several different related communities where I could find more and more of these potential target users and customers of my eventual product. The second perhaps most important step is when you join these Reddit and Facebook groups, do not initially post in those groups. Some of the things that I would try to pay attention to were what were the kinds of things people were talking about? How were they talking about them? That gave me a really good way to brainstorm what was the way to actually enter into the conversation rather than just heavily promoting and advertising my product because that was simply not going to work. Step three is for each community, you want to identify the goal for posting in that community. If you were to get the attention of these users, what is it that you actually want out of this group? It could be that you're trying to understand what other products people use or what other problems people have. You could just be trying to actually get people to try your product for the first time. But once you identify what your goal actually is, that will heavily influence how you post and what you post. when you also factor in some of the mannerisms and etiquets of these different communities. And then the other thing that I'd say is starting in the comments before you actually do a top level post. Starting in the comments is a very lowrisk way of figuring out is this type of stuff you're saying or asking actually resonating with the community. And once you feel like you're starting to gain traction in a Facebook group or a subreddit, then you can gradually work your way to a tople post, which obviously is going to have a lot more eyeballs to it. Step four is you want to set up keyword alerts on a product like F5bot for anytime people are talking about your product or topic areas. And I entered a bunch of keywords very similar to the the interest groups and communities that I brainstormed early on and basically said, "Email me every time someone on Reddit mentions these few keywords." And I would get a real-time alert and I would go and read that entire post on Reddit and Facebook and see is there an opportunity for me to get feedback about the product that I'm building or better understand the needs and wants of my target user base. And step five is to just be as helpful as possible when you're posting online. There are so many people out there looking for advice, looking for opinions from people who are not necessarily experts, but just know a little bit more than them. And so once I figured out a way to just organically and naturally be helpful by giving tips to people on how to earn credit card points online or whatever, which is again very related to my product, that then earned me the right to also mention my product in some of these comments and posts. And so that's my five-step process for figuring out how to get your early users from Facebook groups and Reddit. >> All right, Pat from the future here. We're putting the finishing touches on this video right now. And I just wanted to mention how much I love the specific steps of niche shares to market his app. But if you don't have a project to actually talk about and market, then I have something that might be for you. We just launched Starter Story Build. It's a program where you will learn how to use AI to build and launch your product to the world. The best part about Starter Story Build is that you don't need to have any coding experience. We'll give you the right prompts to use so that AI does all the work for you when it comes to building your product. If you're actually ready to build and launch your product, just head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the story. I think that's an amazing process for people to follow. But what I really want to understand from you, Ovnish, is how did you actually do this? Would it be possible for you to actually pull up a Facebook group and show us what you did, what you posted, and how that led to you generating revenue? >> So, when I was searching Facebook groups for interest keywords that were related to my product, one of the words that I searched for was Rakitin. And I stumbled upon this group called Rakitin Stacks. How to double dip with Rakitin. And what I realized was there were thousands of people in this group manually looking for these offers that my product could do with a single query. And so I wrote a SQL query that literally put together this list based on the data that my product had. I posted a link to this sheet in this post. And when a member of the group opened this sheet, they would be met with this, which was the exact list that I posted, a list of stores, the Rakutin offers, and the American Express offers. But then what they also saw was the link to my website, which is where all of the data was actually coming from. I had over 1,500 people visit the website just from posting this spreadsheet in this Facebook group. >> Well, thanks for sharing that post in the Facebook group. I think that's super cool. Let's now move to Reddit. Can you show me a specific example from Reddit that really drove customers for you? >> Yeah, absolutely. So, what I did was instead of just posting immediately, I joined the community, I monitored it for a few weeks and realized that I could post about it in their weekly Q&A threads in the comments. So, that's exactly what I did. Every week or so, I would join that weekly comment thread, post the website, and ask for feedback. And after about three and a half months, I had built out all of the core functionality that members of the community were just straight up telling me about. And at that point, I messaged the moderator back and said, "Hey, are you still okay with me doing a tople post?" They said yes. And I went ahead and posted, and this is the post that you see here. And it blew up. And so this Reddit post alone sort of gives me the playbook that I would always use, which is find your target communities on Reddit and Facebook. Engage in the comments after observing the behavior of other members of the group. And then when you're ready to start posting in the comments, and at the top level post, work with the admins of the groups, the moderators of the group to figure out how to get a tople post when your product is ready. >> All right. Well, thank you for sharing. Now, I want to move to some of the numbers behind the business. Once you find this growth strategy, it starts growing. How's this business doing now? And what are the numbers behind Save Lives? >> We are now at a point where we're doing approximately $25,000 of revenue a month and we're in the tens of thousands of users now. We have about 1,500 paying customers right now. What's most fascinating is that I learned consumers hate subscriptions. I initially launched a subscription product and the day that I launched a subscription product, I had several emails from members who wanted to buy the pro product asking for a lifetime membership where they were willing to pay for two plus years worth of the pro membership all upfront. That is now about 97% of the revenue people choosing the lifetime plan over a monthly or yearly subscription plan. >> All right. Well, let's switch topics a little bit. I know that you built a lot of this app and and built the early versions of it and still work on it. What's the tech stack behind Safe Wise? >> Let's start with the front end. So the front end is built in Nex.js. I host the web app on Verscell. All of the data processing, database architecture is all hosted on Azure. So there's a lot of data that my product hosts and I need a really easy way to interact with that data and so I use Retool for that. I use Clerk which allows users to sign up for accounts with Google, Apple, etc. And I use Vzero which was perhaps like the biggest unlock for me in the last 6 months. Before I was trying to design everything in Figma for tracking product analytics. I use Post Hog. And a big part of my core workflow now is using AI products like ChatgBT and Copilot or Cursor. And then the last tool that I use pretty regularly is Google Analytics just to see the real time traffic on the website. >> All right. Well, last question that we have for everyone who comes on Starter Story, everyone who's built cool stuff like you, what advice would you have for young Ovnish before you started, before you kind of made your first dollar and and found this idea? What advice would you have for him? >> Something that I always thought was true was that understanding your target customer was really, really important for the specific features that you built. And that's still true. But I think my realization through this whole process is that understanding your target customer and everything about them is even more useful for the marketing part of it and going to market figuring out where do my target customers hang out on the internet. It has been way more impactful for that. And so never forget about your target customer, who they are, because it'll guide you not just for what to build, but how to go and get that product into their hands. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you for coming on the channel. Thanks for sharing everything that you've learned and hope to see you soon. >> Thanks for having me, Pat. >> Again, I wanted to thank Omnesh for coming onto the channel. I personally love how he broke down the exact steps that he just used within the last year to get thousands of users to his app. If you're watching, this is something that you can go do right now. But if you're still in the place where you're looking for your next project, then I think you should check out Starter Story Build. It's our program where we help you find an idea, build it with AI, and ship it to the real world. In just a few days, you can have a real project that you can talk about online, just like Ovniche. Just head to the link in the description to learn more and join Starter Story Build. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO BaWUPamqWlA =====
TITLE: How I Used Reddit to Hit $17K MRR (With ZERO Audience)
DURATION: 796.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built a 17K MR SAS with less than 100 followers on X. A few weeks back, I got a cold DM from a guy named Diego. He said, "Hey, I got a story for you." He told me about his successful app and how fast it grew. But when I checked his ex account, he only had 70 followers. I think anyone can build a successful business without an audience. I couldn't find him on YouTube or Tik Tok or Instagram. So, I asked, "Hey, how did you do it?" and what he shared blew me away. I call it the Reddit marketing playbook, and I just had to know more. So, today I brought him onto the channel to break down how you can use Reddit to validate, market, and make money from any idea. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, Diego, welcome to the channel. Tell me about what you built and what's your story. My name is Diego and I built an AI sauce that makes me around 17K per month. I started it 4 months ago and just by using Reddit alone, I've been able to get over 1 million eyes on my product while spending $0 in marketing. All right. Amazing. I'm really excited to talk about the Reddit stuff. But first, let's talk a little bit more about the app that you built. What exactly is the app and what does it do? My app is called App Alchemi and it allows you to build mobile app designs very fast using AI. It's like cursor but for designing mobile apps. Okay, cool. So, we're we're doing stuff in AI. How did you come up with the idea for this? A few months ago, I actually wanted to build my own mobile app and I paid a designer on Upwork for a decent design and it was hundreds of dollars and every time I wanted to make like a little change, I had to pay him extra. I thought that if I could build an AI tool around this, I could save people a lot of time and money. Sick. I love it. So once you had kind of found the idea for this, you started building it. How did you validate that this was something that you wanted to, you know, take all the way and actually launch? So it was a problem I myself had experience. So I knew there was something there. So I built the simplest MVP. I ended up building the MVP in about 2 weeks and I started marketing right away on Reddit. I got my first KMR and even more purely off Reddit. All right, two weeks to build this is insane. Would you have any tips for people watching on how to build apps quickly with AI? Yeah. So, I don't use the newest libraries or frameworks because AI is always going to be a lot better at the libraries that are the most used on the web. And something else that I do is that I use a lot of UI component libraries like Chakra UI or Antesign. And this allows you to prototype a lot faster and to make your website look nicer, too. Okay, before we finish Diego's story, I did want to point something out. Diego builds really fast. He doesn't waste time overthinking. He just goes for it. I talked to a lot of successful founders, and this is one of the most common themes I see. Build fast so you can validate faster. And that's exactly why I want to put Teneb on your radar. Tenweb is an AI powered platform that generates complete readyto-launch websites just from a single prompt. And what's even cooler is Teneb just launched their brand new AI website builder API. With just one API call, it can generate a fully functional hosted WordPress website from just a single text prompt. Tenweb is way more than just a typical template builder. It helps you build a real productionready site fast. With Tenweb, your users get a website that is SEO optimized and mobile friendly, drag and drop editable, fully e-commerce ready with Woo Commerce, and built on WordPress, but completely white labeled under your brand. This tool can literally save months of work. And Tenweb handles everything so you can focus on what makes your product unique. Just click the first link in the description to book a strategy call and see how it works. Thanks to Tenweb for sponsoring the channel. Now, back to Diego's story. Okay, cool. So let's let's go into the numbers a little bit on the business. Uh can you just share some of the numbers behind what you built? Right now there are more than 1K paying customers. I've got it around 20K or more signups on my product purely from Reddit and the traffic per month is about 20K. Okay. So one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you on the channel and what I love about your story is that you did this with basically zero audience. At the time of recording this, you have less than 100 followers on X, no YouTube channel, and just friends and family on your Instagram. But my big question and why I wanted to bring you on the channel is how did you do it? So, a lot of people think that you need a big audience to grow a SAS nowadays. I got my first KMR and even more purely off Reddit. I would say that Reddit is probably the most underrated marketing channels for two different reasons. One, you can get a lot of reach for no cost. The other reason is that compared to all the other platforms, you can get very precise targeting. In Reddit, there is a subreddit or think a community for pretty much everything. So, you can choose a lot of different communities or subreddits that are related to the product you're selling and target the actual users that are interested in what you're building. All right, so we know the power of Reddit. Let's actually dive into the specifics into this whole Reddit marketing playbook. Can you give me your playbook for getting users and making money from Reddit? Absolutely. So, the first step is actually becoming an active Reddit user. If you're not using Reddit already, start using it daily. This has two different purposes. The first one is becoming familiar with the platform and seeing what kind of posts do well. The second one is warming up your account because any posts that come from a newly created account will be automatically filtered out by Reddit. So step two is creating a list of subreddits. And this one is very important because you need volume for this to work. The more the better and you can go broad and narrow. So, there are a lot of different ways to find subreddits related to your product, but the one I recommend the most is using a Reddit ads tool, and you don't need to pay for any ads for this. You just go to the Reddit ads page. You create a new campaign here. When you go to the targeting section, you can look for communities. If I look for, for example, no code, which is related to my own product, I'll get a lot of different communities that are related to this one. and I can keep adding more and I'll keep getting more recommendations. So, the third step is creating a killer organic post. The reason that most people fail on Reddit is that their posts don't feel natural. They feel very pushy and they make it completely around their own product. What you want to do instead is provide a little bit of value in your niche and then you can block or link your product in the middle of the post. The good thing about Reddit is that most successful posts have actually the same structure. Here I have a post of mine that did very well for App Alchemi. And as you can see here, every successful post starts with a catchy attention grabbing headline. What most people do here instead is that they mention their new product or they announce it like they announced the launch. And this is not what you want to do. After the catchy headline, you still don't want to mention the product immediately. You want to provide some value in your niche first. In this specific post, I did a case study on a very successful mobile app. This one, I actually found it on Twitter and I summarized it and then I plugged my product at the end. If you link your product directly, you're going to get a lot more traffic to your website instead of just like mentioning it. Although many subreddits don't allow you to link directly or is prohibited, if you actually provide some value first and you're not just like pushing your product, they will actually be okay with it. For more stricter subreddits that don't allow you to link your product, I would recommend linking an extra product beside yours. Plug like a complimentary product. So for example, for mine is like a design tool. So like cursor complements it very well because it's for development. So I usually plug that one after mine and that way your chances of getting banned or your post being removed for self advertisement is a lot lower. So on the other hand I want to give an example as well of what not to do. So as you can see in this example right here the founder plugs the product right away like mentioning it in the headline. He immediately starts talking about the product, all the features, everything about it. He even like links the Discord. And as you can see from the engagement, this both didn't do very well because people don't care. They want to get some value first. They want to read something interesting and then if your product is related to that, yeah, you can plug it and then they might be interested in it. So step four is grabbing the post we did on the last step and posting it on multiple subreddits and volume here is super important because that increases the chances of one of your posts getting to the Reddit front page and that is going to give you like a lot of traffic. Even if that doesn't end up happening, let's say that you post on 10 different subreddits and each of the posts gets on average let's say around 10k views. That's a total of like 100k views already, which is really good. So, it's still worth it. So, the last step of the playbook is to repeat this process. You should be trying different type of post to see what does better in your niche. You can try videos, you can try case studies, and you can try other type of posts as well. A good rule of thumb is posting two to three times per week. I think that anything more than that will probably get you banned, so you should probably stick to that rule. All right, cool. Well, there you go. That playbook was amazing. Let's switch gears a little bit. Could you just break down your tech stack? How did you build these products? What tools did you use and what's your stack? Yeah, so I use cursor for development and for building. I use Nex.js and React as my main frameworks and I use Firebase for O and for database stuff. And okay, so you're doing about 17K MR. What are the actual costs to run this business? What do the profits look like? So the overall margins are about 70%. cursor is 20 per month. Versel hosting is about 40 per month and then my most expensive costs the AI API backends which are about 2.5K per month. Okay, so you I mean you crushed it in the last 4 months you've found this whole Reddit strategy. You're making money online. What has been the biggest lessons learned in your journey so far? I would say that when it comes to building a SAS, you should be solving a problem in a growing market and a good example I can give is building a SAS tool for newspaper owners for example which like newspapers are in decline or you can build a tool for like vibe coding which only in the last months has been exploding and it's going to keep growing. Something else that I would recommend to everyone is that like in any other business model in SAS, marketing and distribution are actually very important. So even at the start, you should be spending a lot of your time marketing instead of like adding more features no one asked for. And lastly, as a solo founder or small company, speed is one of your major advantages. So take advantage of that whenever possible. Okay, those are awesome. The last question that we ask to everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could sit on Diego's shoulder before you cracked Reddit, before you were making any money online, what would be your advice? Right now is the best time to build. I would say that if you have an idea, get a simple MVP out there and start marketing it as soon as possible. All right. Well, that's the best advice I heard all month. Thank you, Diego, for coming on the channel. I love the Reddit stuff. That's why I really wanted to have you on this channel. It reminds me of when I first started. So, thank you for coming on. I imagine you're gonna keep growing and we'll have you on when you're doing a million. So, thanks for coming on, man. Thanks for having me. I love Diego's story because it's proof that you do not need an audience to be successful. He did it all just by having a great working product and of course a killer marketing strategy. I really think that anybody can do this, put this into practice and create something that changes their life. But of course, you actually have to build something. If you never build it, you'll never know. And this is why I created Starter Story Build, our flagship program to help you build anything with AI. In less than two weeks, you'll go from just an idea in your head to a fully working app ready to ship to the world. And more importantly, you'll learn the skills to build whatever you want forever. If you're interested, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Thank you guys again for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO E_sPvPHwpuk =====
TITLE: How I Built A $1M Business in 117 Days
DURATION: 766.0
TRANSCRIPT:
A few weeks ago, I got a DM on X from this guy named Yasser. We got to chatting and he told me something I couldn't believe. He took his app from 0 to 1 million in just7 days. And what's even crazier is he did it with zero audience. When I launched, I only had 16 followers. I brought Yaser onto the channel to talk about how he did it and he shared everything, including a breakdown of the tweet that changed his life, how to make millions with AI agents, and what most people get wrong when it comes to building their MVP. This one you can't miss. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, Yaser, welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. Okay, so my name is Yaser. I built Chadbase to 7 million in ARR with no funding. I launched it 2 and a half years ago as a soloreneur to my 16 followers on Twitter and it went viral. Wow. Okay, that's insane. I haven't seen numbers like that before. Tell me about how you came up with this idea for Chatbase. So I followed the bootstrapping movement on X like Peter Levels, all those guys. I was doing actually internships in fang companies but once I got there I realized maybe it's not for me. I looked at people five 10 years ahead of me in their career and it was not something that I was looking up to but when I saw like people like Peter, people like Danny Pusma especially in the AI wave I thought hey like I can actually do this. I saw people doing demos of how you can build a chat GBT for your data and stuff like that but no one was building a product around it. I knew like this is a good idea. I didn't do any validation or anything. I just like said if I don't do this someone else will. So I released chatbase to my 16 followers. It went viral. All of this was happening in my final year of university, this was just like a side project, right? I was happy it made money, but I'm not going to drop out yet. But when I saw the first sale and then like it kept going and like this is this is significant. I had like two or three sales every day and uh I dropped out. All right. So, you mentioned that you tweeted something out to your 16 followers. It went viral and essentially that this this one tweet kind of changed your life. Can you walk me through this viral tweet? I think this was like my third tweet ever in my life. For this one, three things made it work well. One, a familiar interface, the streaming interface where like the text is streaming uh in a in like a chat interface. Yeah, this was like a very chat GPT thing which like at the time was going viral. So, I think taking a glance at the demo, it's just just interesting. The other part was minimizing the seconds to like the aha moment. I think I did that well here. Like it's a very simple demo, right? But it just shows you exactly what I built was capable of in like the first 20 seconds, right? And I think the other thing I did is mention the tools that I was using 2 and a half years ago. Like there was a bunch of new AI companies, AI tools starting out. No one had any customers because they're all new. So every company was trying to show people like, hey, this is something that is being used by real people building like real products. When I mentioned like Langchin and Pine Cone and stuff like that, it made sense for them to push it too because no one else was building stuff like this on their platforms yet because it was all very new and they they wanted to promote like their AI features and stuff like that. When I mentioned this, those people picked it up and they were like going viral. So my thing also went viral and then it created this viral loop and I think yeah most of most of the initial traction was from that. I really do like the kind of build in public thing that you're doing. You're kind of sharing what tools you were using and that was a big piece in it. if you could break down the build in public playbook because I know you kind of did this over and over again. Tell me what you learned and and what works there. Yeah, so I think the easiest thing is just to share what you're doing every day. That's like the most basic thing you can do. First two or 3 months if you're if you're not lucky, it will just be you practicing what works and what doesn't. It's it's not going to get any any views because you're you're trying to build a brand, you're trying to build a story, one tweet is not going to do it, right? People need to see your face a lot. Preferably, if you can do videos, too, post them on X. a few people in the build and public space are doing that and they're doing very well because not enough people are doing that so you stand out more. Frame it as like I'm building something. I'm learning a lot along the way. I'm going to take you on that journey. I would say also an important part is not to be boring. I think it's better to be more personal. Share like your personal story. Have a personality like have controversial takes maybe if if it's something you actually believe in because that's how you get people to notice you. All right. Before we get further into how Yasser built this business to over 6 million ARR, I want to call out something a lot of early founders forget about your bank. Yeah, I know not the sexiest part of your stack, but when your app goes viral, revenue jumps, and your user base explodes overnight. The wrong bank can become a massive bottleneck. Low card limits, slow payouts, manual everything. That's what happens when you use a finance system that wasn't built for startups. That's why we've partnered with Brex, the modern finance platform designed for builders like you. With Brex, you get up to 20x higher card limits, built-in expense tracking, automated payments, high yield returns, and sameday liquidity, so you can move fast when the moment hits. One in three US startups already use Brex, and they put together this free guide for you, the startup's guide to modern banking. It breaks down how to extend your runway, protect your cash, and avoid the kind of finance headaches that kill momentum. Just click the first link in the description to grab the guide. Thank you to Brex for supporting the channel. Now, let's get back to Yaser's story. Before we jumped on this call, you told me something crazy, which was that Chatbase went from zero to a million ARR in 117 days, which is less than half a year, just a couple months. That doesn't even seem believable to me. So, I'd love if you broke down how that's even possible, that an app can grow that fast and and how yours did. After the first initial viral moment, I kept adding more features and with every new release, I would frame it as a new launch. I think some people when they tweet, they frame like the second or third launch as like feature launches. So, if someone new is looking at that, they don't have any context, right? So, they're not they're very likely to skip it. So I try to frame every single launch to make it make sense to new people that don't know me, that don't know Chadbas. The other thing was just like being creative around going viral without spending any money. So what I did for example going into subreddits of books, I would create a chat GPT for their book. It was like for free. I was losing money on this. The only point of doing this is to have my domain opened by a lot of people so I get like more domain authority. Maybe they click on it and then they see the landing page. they see, hey, like I can actually pay money for this. I kept doing that for all the books. I did that for a lot of influencers, too. I did this for Paul Bram, for Naval. Lastly, also sponsored posts were very big. If I'm not launching something today, then I have to do a sponsored post with a big page. We did one with a page on LinkedIn that day. I think we did $4,000. So, so yeah, I think sponsored posts, if you structure them well, they're a very good way to get your product out there. Awesome. All right. Well, can we dive into some of the numbers behind this business? How big is this thing become? Yeah, right now we're exactly at 6.8 million ARR. It's growing very fast. And right now it's only PLG. We just passed actually 2 days ago 10,000 customers that are paying us between $40 and $500 a month, which is insane. And I think registered users is around like 600,000 something. Okay, that's insane. You mentioned PLG. What is that? So this is productled growth. You just have a Stripe button on your website. You do most of the marketing outside of your website. You just have a good landing page. People can just go in, buy a subscription, put in their credit card. You don't have to have a lot of features. Just have like one core feature. In my case, it would just upload a PDF and talk with it. Just have like a good UI. Don't have any bugs. Have like a good MVP and then launch it into the universe. Find the balance between launching fast and not launching garbage. have a good quality tool so that you're proud of when people are using it and then people would be excited to use it more if they're not like frustrated using it. All right. Well, let's talk about AI agents. That's what you've been building for a long time. You know a lot about this. How can people watching this learn how to build with AI agents? What's the right kind of framework for learning these and where to go? If you want to build products, then you go to sources like OpenAI's cookbooks or like their documentation. Read about their agents SDK. do the same with Verscell has a library called the AI SDK which is very powerful. Uh just read like their documentation, look at the examples, look who's using them. Learn how those companies tell you how to build AI agents. I think actually maybe a good idea is to find something that you can't build yet and the only bottleneck is the AI model itself. like the intelligence is not there yet and then start building that and just like bet that in a year you're going to have GPT5 which is capable of doing that and then you're going to have one full year like a head start on everyone else. I think something very similar happened to me. I started working on chatbase before that chat GPT API. So I had like the product ready. I was people were using it and then all of a sudden chat GPT launched their chat API. So I just released a tweet that said in the last 48 hours I I built like this cool new product and because everyone was talking about the new chat GPT API and how what you can build with it. This also went very viral. So yeah, I think I think you can do something similar. All right, let's talk about tech stack. Uh how did you build this app? What kind of tools and languages and stack did you use to build this? Yeah, so it changed over time. Now I think the stack we landed on is Versel for hosting. We're also using their AI SDK for a lot of our AI infrastructure. We're using superbase for the database. And then we're using all the AI labs. So, OpenAI, Anthropic, Anthropic, Coher, Google Gemini, Gro, we're using all of them. So, in chatbas, you can have a drop down and choose which model works best for you. And of course, Stripe for billing, Dub for affiliates, Mentlify for our documentation. Cool. You have built this amazing business. You've been doing it for many years. You've had some successful things, some not so successful projects. What have you learned through the process that surprised you? Yeah. So, I think going into it where we assume that there's like a blueprint on how to build a good business. It's just who's going to be working hard. But what I realized is that there's so many different ways to build a good company from like how you work together, performance reviews, in person or remote, what's the culture like, all of that can change a lot between company to company. This is actually good because this means that you don't need a lot of experience to start a company. Mostly the advice you're getting from people that have done this before. It's it's just good to listen to but mostly irrelevant because no one knows your situation as much as you. The best practices change so much from situation to situation. The people that give good advice will tell you the same thing. They would give you what they think is right, but in the end they will say actually like you should like trust your gut mostly because you know your situation more than me. Cool. I love that. Last question that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could go back 2 and 1/2 years or however long it's been, stand on Yaser's shoulder, what would be your advice to young Yaser? Yeah, I think for me specifically, I wasn't thinking big enough in the beginning. My goal was to just get my 10K, move to Bali, live the indie hacker lifestyle. I just realized like why not shoot for the stars, right? Why not build the first 100 million ARR bootstrap company. I was too worried that because everyone was saying it's like a chat GPT rapper. It's not going to work. This this got into my head because it was true. It was just a chat GPT rapper. So, I think I wasn't aggressive enough. I was too shy about what I'm building. I was too reserved. I think if I go back, I would have moved a lot faster. I would have put more on the line. So, yeah, just aim higher, I would say, for me. Cool. Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Yaser, for coming on to Starter Story. It's amazing what you built. One of the probably greatest success stories in the India hacker world. and it's going to keep growing and I love it. So, thanks for coming on. Thank you for having me. Yaser is proof that you don't need a big audience to get started. He started his app when he had 16 followers on Twitter and in less than 3 years he grew it to over 6 million ARR. He got started just by building stuff. And nowadays, AI has made it easier than ever to build. That's why I launched Starter Story Build. It's our flagship program where in 2 weeks you'll find and build a simple app with AI. Hundreds of people have joined and launched their first app into the world. Head to the link in the description to learn more. Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO ZGwQoRw7mh8 =====
TITLE: My Side Project Makes $15K/Month (Quit My 9-5)
DURATION: 895.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My name is Ben and I turned my side project into a full-time job. >> This is Ben, a regular dude in a regular 9 to-5 who always wanted to start his own business. He was always starting different side projects, but nothing really worked until one day he changed his entire approach. >> Don't go full-time on your project until you do this. >> Once he made this change, he started a business that would eventually hit 15,000 MR and allow him to work full-time on his own stuff. The idea finally started to get traction when I brought Ben onto the channel to share everything, including what he learned from all his failed side project ideas, why this idea was different, and how with the right approach, anybody can build a side project that makes money. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Ben to Starter Story. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> My name is Ben Boz and I'm a software developer who created Tech Lockdown. Tech Lockdown is a platform that helps adults block websites and apps and just be more intentional with their internet use. It started out as a side project, but I was actually laid off in 2023, and I had to make the decision to either go full-time on my side project or accept a job offer and go back into working full-time. >> All right. Well, let's go a little bit deeper into how Tech Lockdown works. What does this app do and how does it work? >> The core part of the platform is the content policy which lets you schedule when websites and apps are blocked and you can use categories or keywords to instantly block millions of websites and apps. But then once you set that up, you connect to your devices using a VPN connection. You know, your smartphone or your computer is now using like a filtered internet connection. >> Cool. What type of people use Tech Lockdown? What's like your typical user? So my typical user as an adult, they're just trying to be more careful with how they use the internet and they might have developed unwanted habits or compulsive behaviors. The business model is typical SAS subscription. I have a 14-day free trial which allows people to try things out, set things up, and decide if it's a good fit. And then from there, they either pay $15 monthtomonth or they pay basically $10 a month if they pay for an annual plan. Ultimately, I want people to buy an annual plan, but a lot of people give up after like a month. So, I provide that option. >> All right. Well, one of the things that I really think is cool about your story, you had a full-time job, and this was a side project. Have you always been building side projects? >> Yeah. So, ever since, you know, in college, I was doing side projects, messing around with stuff, even when I had a full-time job, and I just could never shut that side of my brain off. So, the first failed side project was I made a lead generation platform for freelance developers to help them find clients. and I just got way too obsessive over like the colors on the website and the logo and the the name of it and I just didn't think about the business model enough or how I would get customers. So, it just didn't go anywhere. The next thing I worked on was a landing page builder. This time I wasn't obsessed, but I didn't really think about how I'd launch it and I burnt myself out before launching it. I over complicated it and it didn't go anywhere. And then I ended up co-founding a web agency with a designer and another developer. did that for about 2 and 1/2 years, but it was just really difficult, a hard business to run. Ultimately, I was glad when we ended that business. >> Okay. So, you had a few kind of failed side projects that didn't work out. How did you come up with the idea for tech lockdown? >> Well, it ultimately started back in 2020 when work from home became normalized and everyone was just getting way too much internet time. So, I decided to set up guard rails around my own internet use. I found out that it's just really hard to do that. So, I I spent a ton of time researching and kind of putting together my own system that would work well for me. And then from that, I just distilled that into a a YouTube video and a Reddit post. And I was shocked by how many people were messaging me and emailing me and asking me to consult and all these things. But at that point, I actually didn't start monetizing it at all. Kept creating free content and building my audience. About a year later is when I actually monetized it. >> All right. So, you had built this side project. It's doing well. it has paying customers and then something crazy happens. What happened? >> Well, I got laid off and I had kind of already planned to leave in September of that year, but I had to figure out all these things like how do you pay for health insurance? How expensive is that? The income from tech lockdown was like $3,000 at that point, which would not have covered my expenses. My natural instinct was to to go back to this like safety net, which is a W2 income. But I figured I'm only going to get this opportunity probably once. Let me give it a good shot. And at least I know that if I go back and I do an interview somewhere, I bet I could get another job. I ended up doubling down on Tech Lockdown, and I'm glad I did that because it's grown by 5x uh since I was laid off. >> What do you think was different about Tech Lockdown as a side project compared to your previously failed side projects? >> Well, I think the first thing is that I didn't start off trying to make a side project. It was genuinely something that I was passionate about and I was trying to solve a problem. I also didn't over complicate the logo and the marketing and all that. I actually didn't have a logo until I had a few hundred customers. So, I was just laser focused on if I have any free time, it's got to go towards the most meaningful stuff. It was actually really helpful to have an audience who was really focused on that topic, too. So, that when I actually worked on something, I felt like I I wasn't just like throwing something out there into the ether. I knew that someone would use it eventually. So, it was it was really motivating compared to what I was doing before. I know a lot of people watching this right now might have a full-time job. They're figuring out how do I find the time to build? What should I work on? What hours of the day should I work? Can you break down a little bit more tactically about how you built this business with limited time and energy? >> I've formed a habit of waking up really early in the morning, prioritizing like development tasks and stuff that just required more focus and attention in the morning. So, I would do that, you know, between like 5:30 and 8:00, 8:30. And then if I worked on anything in the evening, it might be more like marketing related because I could do those kinds of tasks without having to be hyperfocused and alert. And I also stayed really focused on a specific marketing strategy. If you're juggling a full-time job and you're also trying to do customer acquisition through marketing, you should pick a channel that is energizing to you and that you can do reliably and that you don't dread doing. So for me, that was content marketing, but for other people it literally might be knocking on doors, talking to customers face to face. It just depends on on your personality. >> That's awesome. Thanks for sharing all that. For anyone watching this right now who has a side project or they're thinking about starting a side project and they have a full-time job, what would be your advice to them? >> I'd say make sure that you have a way to get customers. I think the customer acquisition problem is a thing you have to solve before you leave your job. And you have to have a plan that you can kind of throw gasoline on, right? If I have 40 hours a week to throw at this, I know that there's going to be an extra output. I wouldn't start a side project just because you hate your job and you just want to work for yourself. It's really not that glamorous being your own boss. If you have a problem with your job, maybe just make your full-time job getting a better one. Start a side project when it's something you're genuinely passionate about, but you would almost work on for free if you couldn't make money with it. All right, before we finish Ben's story, I want to speak directly to anyone watching this who's stuck in a 9 to5 and thinking, "I want to build something, too. I just don't know where to start." The truth is, there's never been a better time to start a side project. And thanks to AI, you don't need to spend months learning how to code. This is why we created Starter Story Build. It's our accelerator that helps you go from idea to working product in just a couple weeks. We'll show you how to guide AI to build the app for you. Skip the tutorials and actually launch something real and stay focused and accountable inside a cohort of other builders. Ben's story is proof. Side projects can change your life, but you have to start. And Starter Story Build is the best place to do that. If you're interested, just click the first link in the description to join. I hope to see you in there. Now, let's get back to Ben's story. All right. Well, let's take a dive into ideas. You started a bunch of side project ideas. A lot of them failed and one was really successful. What would be your playbook or strategy for finding a good side project idea? For one thing, I would pick an idea that you can make a very simple version of that's still complete that you can use to validate and bring to market quickly. If the idea that you're picking is going to take you 2 years to build, there's no simplified version that you can release, I'm not sure that I would do it. Another thing I would do is start off by building an audience, don't wait to have the product before you build the audience. And it needs to be an audience that's interested in that topic, not just like your general social media following. you need to have like a pretty good customer list of pre-qualified people that would use it. Then you'll you'll have something uh an audience to launch to once you're ready with a simplified version of your product. If you have limited free time and energy, you need to not dread waking up early in the morning to work on your side project. It needs to be something you're genuinely passionate and excited about so that at the end of a long workday, you're not like resentful of this thing that you're working on. You're excited and ready to go. and maybe you're even thinking about it during the workday because it's just something you're genuinely into. >> Okay, great. Can you break down some of the numbers behind this business? How big is it? How much money is it making? >> In the last 2 years, there have been over 2 million people that have found the site organically either through Google search or or referrals or social channels. I have 1,300 customers that generate over 15,000 in monthly recurring revenue. And then I have a mailing list with around 20,000 contacts. >> All right, cool. So I mean that's an amazing business that you built. Let's talk about actually how you grew that business. What was the growth and marketing strategy to go from zero to 15K MR? >> So my core strategy was just to write really well researched and helpful content. I'm going to give it away for free and it made it really easy for people to just share the stuff that I was writing. I made a a guide on how you can convert an iPhone into a dumb phone cuz I know there's this audience of of people that are just kind of fed up with their smartphone and they're tired of being addicted to it. So, I basically showed with a a really detailed step-by-step guide how you can make it so that you can only access like a few key apps on your iPhone and like you can't even use Safari or anything like that. That article alone, it's one of the top performing guides that I've ever published and it's been read hundreds of thousands of times. I also developed this a kind of a system or an approach at least that I could use when promoting content or videos on Reddit. And the thing with Reddit is you can't be overly promotional. So you have to be a little bit more subtle. So if I made like a YouTube video or I made a guide, I would put like all of the good stuff in that Reddit post. I would kind of just tack on a reference to like the YouTube video or the guide. But what I found was more people engaged with it. So it was more likely to go to the front page. And then at the same time, there's a lot of people that want to explore the topic further and they figure if you've got some other resource, you probably are talking about other things. So I think that's why that that ends up working. >> Okay. Well, thank you for sharing those. Is there a specific strategy or framework that you have when with creating content and what creates successful content? >> I think a big part of it is authenticity. A lot of my competitors are kind of these faceless apps or companies. They look really corporate but maybe don't look so trustworthy. And especially if you're doing a side project, people don't know who you are. You're not a big company. And it helps to just put your face on it and own what you're building. And then when I write about content, I'm not saying we, I'm saying I. I'm not pretending to be a big company when it's just me working on a project. >> All right. Well, let's get into the fun stuff. Techstack. What are the tools, languages, frameworks, and apps that you use to run this business? >> So, a lot of my tech stack decisions were based on time constraints. So, a lot of my early decisions were things like using Superbase for the for the database and authentication. And then I would use uh simpler web application frameworks like speltkit which is a little more accessible if you're just a JavaScript developer and you don't go too far into react land. I was using forcell for hosting even though you could do it cheaper yourself. Uh $20 a month is well worth it to have the peace of mind and a continuous deployment system. I think the most important part of my stack was actually the email provider. I use Mail Gun and Elastic Email. I think I ended up paying about $150 a month, but I email a lot of people. I pay for Google Gemini. I pay for like the light plan for ah refs. I use Plausible Analytics. Plausible is just an amazing analytics tool that I I check daily. It's probably one of the more important optional things that I pay for and a lot of the costs are just on the tech stack side of things. Infrastructure tends to be really cheap, but all in all, like you should be able to hit a 70% profit margin easily with all the optional stuff added in. >> All right. So, one of the last questions I want to ask you is, you know, you built a bunch of side projects. What have you learned through building these that surprised you? >> It's actually not that hard to make money with a side project. The hard part is making it into a viable business. There's a lot of side projects that are basically just selling a dollar for 90 and when they actually go to scale, it doesn't work out and they can't take it to be a full-time job. It's less about being really innovative or inventive. It's just coming up with a smart strategy where your customer acquisition cost is low enough that you can build it into a sustainable business and grow it outside of just yourself. The last question I want to ask you is if you could stand on Ben's shoulder when you were starting all those side projects, when you finally started that successful one, what advice would you give to young Ben? >> Uh to not over complicate things and find the simplest version of the product to prove the concept first. Getting bogged down in the details leads to burnout and not actually shipping the product. What you'll find with a lot of side projects is no one ever actually sees it because it it never gets shipped. So, distill it down to the core feature set, test it, build an audience, but don't over complicate it. >> Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Ben, for coming on the channel. I love the business you built, solopreneur, building it all yourself. It's amazing. Congrats and hope to see you on the channel again. >> Thanks for having me, Pat. >> I love Ben's story because it's something that anybody watching this video can do, too. He was just a regular guy with an idea, but the difference was he decided to actually go and build it. He started it on the side, grew it slowly, and eventually went allin. That goes to show you that sometimes all you need is the willingness to just put in the work. So, I want to challenge you. It's time to start building your side project. And the perfect place to start doing that is inside Starter Story Build. We'll show you how to go from a simple idea to a real working app in just a couple weeks. Hundreds of people have joined and started launching their first apps. It's really cool to see. So, if you're interested in taking on that challenge, head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. All right, thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO gpn1jEoWT4A =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $15K/month Mobile App
DURATION: 806.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I turned a simple habit tracker into a 15K MR business. Sebastian Ro always wanted to build his own apps. So he decided to quit his job and give himself 12 months to figure it out. No plan, no idea, just a dream to build. I quit my job with no idea, just 12 months of runway. But 6 months in, he had less than a dozen downloads on his app and he was faced with a decision. He changed up his strategy and then found an idea that changed everything. And then in under two years, he went from just building side projects that made him a few hundred bucks to a full-time solo developer making $15,000 a month on the app store. The secret to reaching top 10 in the app stores is In this video, I bring Sebastian onto the channel to break down what happened after he quit his job and it's not what you'd expect. We'll also go over his failed ideas and why they didn't work. And he'll share the secret to why his app has been downloaded over 300,000 times. This is the playbook to building successful apps. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome Sebastian to Starter Story. Thanks for coming on. So tell me, what's your story? Hi, thank you for having me. My name is Sebastian. I am 32 years old. I'm living in Germany and yeah, I'm the creator of Habit Kit. It's a visually appealing and very simple habit tracking mobile app that helps users build and maintain their daily habits. I launched Habit Kit in 2022 after I quit my corporate programming job to uh finally become a full-time indie app developer. Since then, my app has grown significantly, reaching $15,000 in monthly recurring revenue through a combination of building in public and effective app store optimization. Beautiful. Okay. Well, let's dive a little bit more into this business and some of the numbers behind it. I have roughly 300,000 downloads on the App Store and Google Play combined and over 2,000 reviews and ratings. I'm ranking for various important keywords in the habit tracking space. The most important one is habit tracker in the top five in multiple countries for that. I love that. Let's go right into uh development of the app. I know that you have a software development background. Tell me about how you built this app. Uh yeah, sure. I had the idea for habit kits uh in summer of 2022. I immediately started building the app and I used flatter for this. That's a crossplatform framework that allows you to deploy your apps to iOS and Android with a single codebase. When I started, I focused on the core functionality. It was a tilebased grid chart for the users habits with a clean and super simple interface. And the MVP features just included the basic habit tracking and the visualization of the progress. And I built it with privacy in mind. All data is stored locally on the device. There's no sign in required, no authentication. The users have complete control over their data. I also decided to share the development progress on my social media. And after posting the first screenshots and seeing a positive reception, I knew that I should really hurry up and bring the app to the app store and uh make it quick. I kept it really simple and clean and just banged it out in 2 months. So, let's take a step back and I want to learn a little bit more about your past, your background. What were you doing before this and how did that lead to coming up with the idea for Habit Kit? Yeah. So, um, my background is pretty straightforward. After school, I studied computer science at a university here in Germany for roughly 6 years and did my master's thesis and after that I started a regular programming job at a middlesized company here in Germany as well. I learned a lot there. But uh after 3 years of being stuck in the same project there, I became a little bit restless and wanted to be a little bit creative and work on my own projects. So after 3 years of the same project at my regular job, I decided it was time to quit my job and focus on indie development for at least 12 months. The first 6 months were really challenging. um I didn't had a lot of revenue so I kept in touch with the people at my old job and after the my my 12 month deadline was over I decided to go back to my old job and continue doing my app business on the side. I felt like a failure and like a success because I had at least some revenue. It wasn't really high, but I think it's already a huge success if you have a side business with $1,000 revenue. At the end of 2023, I finally reached $3,000 in monthly recurring revenue. At the end of 2024, I achieved over $15,000 in MR. I quit my job the second time uh at the start of 2024 and I'm finally able to to have complete control over my time and work on whatever I want. All right, before we dive into how Sebastian built his app to over 300,000 downloads, let's talk about something that trips up way too many founders. Not setting up your business in the right way. You spend months building, marketing, growing, but if you're not legally protected or even registered properly, one mistake can wreck everything. That's why we're excited to partner with Zen Business. Zen Business empowers entrepreneurs from all walks of life to confidently start, protect, and grow their business. With their worry-free platform, award-winning support, and AI powered tools, anyone can achieve success on their own terms. Zen Business helps you form your LLC in minutes so your business is real, protected, and ready to grow. Over 800,000 founders have use Zen Business to launch and grow, and it's priced to fit any budget. You can get started for $0 plus state fees in about 5 minutes. So, if you're serious about what you're building, this is the first step. Click the first link in the description to launch your LLC today at $0 plus state fees and get started today. Thanks to Zen Business for sponsoring. Now, let's get back to Sebastian's story. I want to get a little bit more tactical. How did you actually grow this business and what marketing channels did you use for Habitat? In the beginning, building in public was huge for me. I shared my journey and development process across multiple platforms like X, LinkedIn, Blue Sky, and Threads. I tried to create authentic content, share about my wins, failures, successes and so on that led to unexpected opportunities, being guest on podcasts, being featured on videos or having good connections to other app developers. So that was a huge uh part of my success in the beginning. Another important aspect are search ads. Um I just I won a super simple and lowbudget Apple search ads campaign. Um, I only spent $100 per month on it. I just used this as a potential ranking boost strategy because I have the hope that Apple favors developers who also run ads on their platform. And after that, uh, the biggest thing probably was app store optimization. App Store optimization is basically editing your app store meta data like keywords, app name, or subtitle or even the screenshots in the way that you're more likely to rank in the top spots when people search for certain keywords. I'm focusing on the habit tracker keyword and that's why I put it right at the start of my app name. Another important aspect of ASO is um gathering user reviews for your app. I um instantly show the native review dialogue. So it says, "Do you like habit kits? Please review it on the app store or something like that right after the first habit uh was checked off for a user." So that that's their first success moment. and I asked them right at this situation and most people just gave it five stars and you gain a lot of reviews and ratings. Yeah. So, gathering uh reviews is pretty important. Beautiful. Let's talk about ideas. You've launched a few things on the app store. Some of them were flops, some of them are hugely successful. Tell me about your process for finding ideas and validating them. In terms of finding good ideas, my recommendation is to just start building anything. It doesn't matter what exactly. Once you get into the groove and start building something, you will naturally get a ton of other great cool ideas for later projects. In terms of validation, I just build apps that solve my own problems. Um, I will always be my first customer and so I always know exactly what's needed in the product, what are the requirements and what works and what not. Cool. I love that. So, you have an app, it makes $15,000 a month. walk me through the different technologies and stack that you use to actually build this app. As in terms of development tools, I use Flutter. That's a crossplatform framework for for building mobile apps uh for iOS and Android with a single codebase. I use uh cursor as my AI powered IDE. Um, I love the autocomp completions that the AI provides and I love to chat about different problems with it. To do my keyword research and ASO optimizations, I used a tool called Astro. It yeah, it allows you to search for keywords on the app store and see their popularity and difficulty. For app analytics and marketing and also a little bit of keyword research, I use app figures. And in terms of uh handling subscriptions and purchases in my apps, I use a service called Revenue Cat. Yeah. And for personal habit tracking, I use Habit Kit, of course. I also use some other tools like Waycast, which is a collection of productivity tools for your Mac and Chat with AI, one password. These are some very important tools in my tool chain. Okay, cool. On a similar note, let's talk about costs. Uh I know you're a solarreneur. You're running this yourself. You built everything out. You don't have any employees. How much does it actually cost in total to run an app like this? Yeah. So, um my expenses are super low. Um my biggest expense is revenue kit right now because uh they take um 1% of my revenue. So, depending on the month of the year, that can be a lot, but it's totally worth it. And yeah, the rest can be added up to roughly $200 or $300 per month. So it's really low. Nice. Wow. Okay, cool. So your app makes $15,000 a month. You've kind of gone through the process of building something successful. What is something that you learned in the process that you didn't expect? Yeah, I was super surprised um that I was able to to compete in the App Store and Google Play with bigger companies or people that are super long on the app store. I reached top five in super important keywords uh which drives a ton of organic traffic to my apps. And yeah, if you manage to secure a good ranking on the app store, you don't need a big marketing budget and you can compete with with bigger brands. Nice. Cool. Well, the last question that we ask all founders that come on Starter Story, if you could go back in time and give advice to Sebastian right when he quit his job, what advice would you give? I would say save money for Sabbatical to focus on development of your app business like I did. I saved some money and I just quit my job and set myself a deadline for 12 months to do something that works. Yeah. because I couldn't find motivation to code on my own apps after I programmed for 8 hours on my regular job. So quitting my job was actually the only chance to to get this started. And yeah, this ultimately helped me to focus on my stuff and lay the important foundation and ultimately for my dream business. Yeah, I love that. You know, a lot of people think what's going to happen if I quit my job. Uh, but at the end of the day, you can just go back and get another job. And that's exactly what happened to you. And I just love this story. Thank you for coming on, Sebastian, and sharing everything about your business, going deep, sharing a bunch of things that you didn't have to. You're awesome. Thanks for coming on, Starter Story. Thank you for having me. All right. I love Sebastian's story. It shows you the power of building on platforms. We talked all about ASO, which I think is super cool. So, hopefully that was helpful. If you want to build something similar to Sebastian, check out Starter Story Build. is our platform for building a real app going from an idea to a launched app in 12 days. I'll put that link in the description. Thank you guys for watching. I'll leave you with one question. What's your story? Peace.


===== VIDEO HBCwzfFbopE =====
TITLE: This App Makes $25,000/Month
DURATION: 888.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built a simple countdown timer into a 25K per month app. Meet Lucas, a solopreneur from Germany who built arguably the world's simplest app. In this episode, we dive into how Lucas turned a stupidly simple idea into a business that allowed him to quit his job and ultimately changed his life. This single Reddit post with 58 ups changed everything. Plus, we'll get into the exact Reddit post he used to get his first paying customers, why he hired his wife to help him run the business, and his framework for finding more simple ideas that can make thousands. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. [Music] Welcome, Lucas, to the channel. Tell me about who you are and what's your story. I'm uh Lucas Herman. I'm a software developer from Germany. I turned a simple idea into a SAS business and eventually was able to quit my job and work full-time. I'm a soloreneur and I built this business with my wife and a child. So, we have reached uh 25,000 revenue per month and we have a total of 20,000 users that are using our app. 4,400 of those are paying or have paid at any point in time. And we're getting 86,000 unique visitors per month. Cool. Before we get into what your app actually does, let's talk about how you validated this idea and got your first customers for your SAS. How did you do that? So, I did it on Reddit. And the reason is I'm building something for people that I don't know. I'm building it for people that are in a video production industry. Where are they? Where do they hang out? I'm looking for a subreddit. It took me quite a while to actually find one. These are quite hidden. These are very small niche stuff. And I think, you know what? Let me post it here. So, I put a link in here and I say, "Hey, try it out. Give me some feedback. What do you think? Is this useful to you?" And you can see like people make literally lists that they tell me, "No, do this. Do this. I've been waiting for such an app." And because there's no price attached to it on the website, it's also not he just wants to have our money. It works really well. And then the other thing is I don't spam it. So, one post per subreddit. That's great. All right. So, you got this Reddit post. You validated it. Let's talk about the MVP and how you built that original free tool. What tools did you use and what features did you include? So my first MVP, it had like basically just one feature which was click on a button here and a timer starts counting over there. I'm use all the technologies I already know. I use JavaScript, I use Vue.js, I use NodeJS. There's no Versell was new at the time and I just didn't know it and I didn't use it. If I would have used new unknown technologies, I would have had to learn them, understand them, find out they have limitations I didn't know before. And it was good because I could I could ship my MVP in 3 days and then build upon it slowly and and comfortably in the 1 hour that I had in the evening instead of building on it for 3 months just to have something that is usable. And then because it was a side business, a side project, it took me 224 days to actually get my first dollar. And that's totally okay. It grew from there. Nice. What I love about your business is that it's a family business. Tell me a little bit more about that. Yeah. So, after I earned the first dollar and we had our first customers, I thought, well, there's also a marketing we need to do and we need to now answer these customer service emails. And my wife was at a point that she didn't want to do her old job anymore teaching. And I said, why don't you join me? You know, why don't you learn marketing and take over these parts of the business? And she was really excited about it. And she really learned quickly. And now she she does uh Google ads, she does all the sales emails, she does all the customer support emails and we have an amazing support. People are really happy with it. And I do the the product, the the finances, the development and kind of the overall direction, right? Like CEO work. And sometimes we walk over the street and talk about how we grow stage time or sometimes we just look at any business like how would you, you know, grow this shoe business over there. We think about these business terms together which is really fun and it it makes for a lot of great conversations. That's awesome. I think that's super cool how you have that set up. Let's take a step back. I want to learn a little bit more about your background, how you got started and how you got to this point where you have this amazing SAS business. Yeah. So, my first development job was in 2007. That was I was younger. I was in high school. I literally rode my bicycle to work back then and built HTML pages. 2017, I start studying. My father really wanted me to have a paper. So, I I did. At the same time, I start freelancing. I wanted to know how it is to have your own business as a developer. I get into a startup once I'm done 2020 I have my degree but already my mind is like how can I build my own product right so soon later I just start tinkering on this thing so shortly after November 2020 right as corona was hitting first commit for stage timer that was when I built the MVP and then a few days later I post this post on Reddit and by 2022 my wife encouraged me hey why don't you to quit because stage time was already making enough money to just get by uh 3,000 a month so I did quit thanks to her I probably would have been much longer in the job if it wouldn't have been for my wife. And then by September 2023, we reached a 10K monthly revenue mark that every soloreneur is aiming for. All right, before we dive deeper into how Lucas built this into a $25,000 per month business, let's talk about something a lot of earlystage founders overlook. Distribution. Distribution is everything. You can build the best tool in the world, but if nobody sees it, it doesn't matter. That's why we're excited to partner with the monday.com app marketplace. Monday monday.com has over 245,000 customers using the platform across 200 plus industries from HR and IT to operations and event planning. And here's the kicker. 90% of enterprise accounts use monday.com apps. In other words, there's massive built-in demand. And unlike other platforms, it's not overcrowded yet. It's a great time to get in. This is the perfect moment for solarpreneurs to get in early, build niche tools, and solve real user pain points. Even better, monday.com gives you everything you need to succeed. Robust APIs, flexible SDKs, detailed docs, and a dev team that actually supports your growth. You build the app, set up your pricing, and monetization is all built in. Billing, subscriptions, payment processing, it's all taken care of. We teamed up with monday.com to create a free resource that breaks down exactly who their users are and where you might find your next winning idea. Click the first link in the description to grab it and take advantage of this opportunity. Thank you to monday.com for sponsoring. Now, let's get back into the video. Let's talk about how have you driven customers to your app to sign up and grown this thing to over 25,000 MR. We have about 50% of our traffic comes from Google and then a third of our traffic really comes from people recommending our tool to others. And we have done a lot of work that this is the case, right? That people want to talk about us or or do inadvertently share our tool with others. So we have a niche tool, right? Very niche, a niche small enough that most big companies wouldn't really bother with it. But for us as solarpreneurs, perfect. and I decided we will see if we can grab stuff that people are already doing in our niche and then combine our tool with it. So if you uh look for countdown timer stream deck companions, we uh created a documentation page that shows very precisely how you use our tool together with this integration for this physical device. We also created a video and put it on YouTube or when you look in YouTube and you search for this video, it's not doesn't have many views. But the trick is the people that do search for this and the people that do look for this on YouTube, they want to have their question answered, right? They have a concrete problem and they want to have a solution for it. So they find you and they're so much more likely to purchase. So this is a a super niche keyword. The way we find these keywords is we put up documentation, put up articles, and then we look with a sense for what do people actually click on and then double down. About a third of your customers come from word of mouth. Talk to me about that. Yeah. So from the beginning I wanted to be like Dropbox. You know Dropbox you create it and then it says oh you want to have 5 GB more space you know share share the link with a friend have them sign up. And I thought how can I integrate this into my own app? It's called product le growth. And I just made sure every single link that people share my logo is on it. And not only is my logo just like a picture it's it has the name stage timer.io in the logo. It's like literally written there. And it's a name easy enough to remember that people often just see it even tell us oh I saw it on an event and I used it myself. That's the one way and the other way is we make it a premium model. By doing this we capture a lot of freelancers that work in this space and they bring it along to the events that they invited and somebody says ah we need a timer. So they say ah let me just pull up stage timer. They pull it up. It works so well people are really excited eventually they want to use it for the next event hit some kind of limit and say ah it's it's worth it. let's let's purchase it happens very often. So having a free tier works really well for us. That's great. What kind of tools and languages did you use to build the app and then also to run the business? So as a developer right I use supply text and supply merge. These are old tools. The fact is for me like copy pasting into cloud and generating code there and coasting is literally faster than integrated IDEs like cursor or copilot. One tool I love is air table. We use it as CRM. It works incredibly well. It's like a big Excel sheet with all our customers in it. But what you can do is you can do automations on top of that. And then on top of this, we use a Postmark to actually send out emails. I'm a big fan of Postmark. It's like an email sending platform but really made for solarreneurs. So these are really that breadandbut tools that I'm using for stage timer. That's amazing. Your business makes $25,000 MR. Uh what does it cost to actually run this business? The SAS business are very very cheap to run. We have a server and infrastructure cost of 280 a month. Then we spend 250 on tools and services. That is everything from what I mentioned, Air Table, Postmark, all of this together. And then we spend $1,400 on paid ads. So the profit margin is 80% or or higher, like between 80 and 90%. Nice. That's a good business. Now, let's finally talk about what you built. Can you show me what app you built and how it works and what it does? Yeah. So So this is the app. That's it. Imagine you are on a TED talk and you have the speaker on stage and they want to know how much time do I have left in my presentation. So you put this in front of him and on my computer I have the control interface for this very timer and I can just click start and you can see how it starts counting or you you know holding your microphone too far away. It's not you're not loud enough. So I show you this message like hey hold your microphone closer. Nice. And it's much easier like this to communicate with your person on stage than holding up a paper sign. You can imagine the first question that anybody watching this is having is like, "Okay, why would I pay for this? I can just use a timer on my iPhone. How does this make $25,000 a month?" So, when I built it, I thought, "No way this is going to make a lot of money." And then people started paying and we started understanding that in real life events, real life video productions, people need this all the time. We had TV broadcasts that do broadcast for elections and they need to time every speaker. We had horse races by it. So, turns out almost everybody needs a timer and the iPhone timer won't cut it because it's just on your little iPhone screen and you need something that one person clicks start and and five other people can see it. Awesome. We haven't even talked about this yet, but like how did you actually even find the idea to create a timer app? So, it was a bit of an accident. And I was in my friend's studio and he used this very old flash app on a on an old laptop and he remote controls everything from his nice table. And then to start a timer, he has to get up, walk into the other room and hit a button and walk back and my web developer mind immediately says surely there's a better way. So if you go to any other business and you just observe people doing their job and you find that they waste hours and they do things in the most awkward ways that you would have automated long ago. These are the really the simple ideas that you can turn into a lot of money. Okay. So you built this business it makes $25,000 a month. What's a key lesson that you learned in the journey building this? One lesson I learned conversely is that there's more opportunities out there than we think. There's so many solutions that still have interfaces from 1999. Ugly as heck to use. People complain about it all the time, especially if you go outside the developer bubble. I believe there's so many like $1 million niches with little apps that you can build. The only hard thing is to find them. Once you found them, it's just this great opportunity that that's open before you to build a simple app. Cool. Last question that we ask anyone who comes on the channel. If you could go back in time, stand on Lucas's shoulder when you shipped that MVP or even before, what advice would you give him? So, I would go back and tell myself, Lucas, you're a German. You're scared of regulation. You're scared of like the the finansome, the tax man coming to you and saying you've done everything wrong and you have to go to prison now. But I would tell him this is not the case. Just get started. There's a way even in this country to build a simple business to scale it up and to understand how it works. Everybody is just like getting by somewhere and you can do it too. Any Germans or Europeans watching this? Hopefully that inspired you. Thank you, Lucas, for coming on to start our story and uh keep going. I I will. Thanks, Pet. Lucas is a great example of someone who turned a really simple idea into a really great business. I really like how he used Reddit to validate his idea cuz you don't need an audience and potentially all your customers are hanging out in one little subreddit just like the one that Lucas had posted. I think that anybody can take lessons from his story and build a SAS, build a cool app, get users, and potentially start even getting paying customers. So, if you're interested in building something similar apps and simple projects, then you should definitely check out Starter Story Build. In Starter Story Build, we show you how to find an idea, how to build it with AI tools, and how to actually ship it into the real world and get users and potentially build something that changes your life. What's even cooler is that you'll do it all in just 12 days. So, if you got that simple idea or you want to find it, maybe turn it into a great business, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, guys. Hope you enjoyed this video. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO x9TUDb4sLE0 =====
TITLE: I Built a $1M SaaS 100% with No Code (Bubble)
DURATION: 846.0
TRANSCRIPT:
After six failed SAS ideas, my seventh made millions. This is Jacob. He built a million-dollar SAS 100% with no code. So, you don't need to know how to actually code. You don't need to know code syntax. The tool he built it with and grew it from 0 to $1 million ARR. It's not lovable. It's not cursor. It's that's the best part of it is anyone can get started and understand the basic frameworks even of programming. Jacob is proof that you don't need any coding experience to build a profitable SAS. And not knowing how to code might actually be a huge advantage. In this video, Jacob and Alex come on to the channel to break down exactly how they bootstrapped their SAS to $1 million in just 10 months. Plus, we'll talk about the secret to building MVPs with no code, the marketing strategy that exploded the business, and how you can get started building apps without code. Today I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Jacob to Starter Story. Tell me a little about the business that you built and what's your story. My name is Jacob and I built a million-dollar business with no code. I'm a self-taught developer and the co-founder of Faceless Video. It's 100% bootstrapped and I built it from scratch with Bubble and it's now doing over a million dollars a year in ARR. Wow, that's amazing. Uh, can you give me a further breakdown of how Faceless works, what it does, and some of the numbers behind the business? It's a SAS that automates Faceless social media channels and the user only needs to provide their channel topic. And our platform writes the video content, creates the video, and posts that video on the user's behalf every single day, entirely on autopilot. We're generating thousands of videos every single day for users. Some of which had well over a million views, plenty of which have had hundreds of thousands of views. Total number of users signed up, over 1.1 million. and they're all hopping on current and relevant trends right now. That's an amazing business that you built. But I want to go back a little bit. Uh what's your background and how do you get to the point of building a SAS? My background started as an artist. I uh started as a songwriter, producer, and I was releasing music on Spotify, diving full force into that world. So when I graduated college, I decided to live at home with my mom and go full force into being a songwriter, artist, producer. I started hiring companies to do marketing for me, but I I was just repeatedly disappointed by all the different marketing services that I was getting. So, I just figured, okay, I got to go do this myself. So, I took courses online about how to market my music and with very little budget took my music to close to a million streams and thousands of genuine fans. That naturally progressed into helping my friends out in the music business and helping them promote their music, which turned into my first business, Domino. It's a music marketing agency. And while I love that experience, what I realized about doing a service-based business is that my income was directly correlated with my time. And I just wanted to scale beyond my agency and help more people without sacrificing more of my time. And that made me start looking into SAS. So, you caught the bug and then you came upon an idea that kind of changed everything. Let's talk about that idea and I actually had you bring your co-founder, Alex, on who was a part of coming up with that idea. So, Alex is joining us right now. I'd love to hear from you. Uh, how did you come up with the idea for Faceless Video? Yeah, so thanks for having me. I was getting a lot of Faceless videos on my Tik Tok algorithm. I had seen a lot of these videos go extremely viral, and my goal originally was just to go viral. And I thought to myself, I can edit these videos. You know, they look simple enough. They're going viral. Why not do it myself? But then I realized that consistency was a huge problem. and coming up with new ideas, editing every day became something that was actually pretty difficult to stick to. So, I had an idea because I realized with, you know, the advancements in tech that were going on, these videos were simple enough that this could be done automatically. And so, I reached out to Jacob and then Jacob had the idea to make this into a SAS product instead of an internal tool so we could make channels together. Looking back, I'm really glad that I let the algorithm guide me. And you know, we all are on Tik Tok and Instagram reels and we see these trends in videos and most of the time we scroll past. But if you take a second to actually analyze what's going on, there are plenty of good business ideas in there. So you have the idea, now it's time to get building. Tell me how how did you build Faceless Video? It started with Bubble and APIs. And Bubble was the infrastructure for bringing everything together. And like with anything else, it always starts with can this work from a technical perspective at least. You know, can I actually find a way to type in text and have this web app output a faceless video. So for the first month, that's really all this MVP was. And that eventually migrated into managing users, having a UIUX flow, a payment processing system, a pricing model, and turning it into a full-fledged web app. Okay. So tell me why Bubble is great for non-developers. In its simplest form, it translates programming into human language. So you don't need to know how to actually code. You don't need to know code syntax is plain English. And that's the best part of it is anyone can get started and understand the basic frameworks even of programming. Because now that I actually know how to code, I see that it is actually still very much programming just in a more visual human friendly way. And they also handle plenty of other important aspects of actually running a web app such as security, scalability, privacy rules, backend management, all these other things that I would not have even known where to begin if I was just coming at it completely fresh or custom. You know, I talked to a lot of people who will start their app on Bubble, but then, you know, once things get too complicated and they really want to scale, they have to move off it, which ends up being a huge thing. But as I understand, you your app, which is making a million dollars a year right now, is still on Bubble. Why have you decided to stay on Bubble? If it ain't broke, don't fix it. It's kind of as simple as that. You know, we haven't run into any issues that would require a dramatic shift. I I ran into a scalability issue once, but Bubble support fixed it, and that was really good piece of mind for staying longterm with them. And realistically, all the bells and whistles that developers get through custom code is not necessary for building a successful business. All you need is a great idea, a functioning product, and a great go to market strategy, and you can validate really quickly and scale based on that. All right, let's pause for a quick moment to talk about AI. Everyone's hyped up right now about using AI to build apps. But right now, I'm seeing that most people get stuck in what I call a death spiral of prompting. They have lots of chats with the AI, but the code never actually works. And that's exactly why we're partnering with Bubble. Bubble AI doesn't put your idea into a cookie cutter template. It actually blows it up into a full stack working app. All you have to do is describe your idea and Bubble AI will spin up the entire stack in minutes. A polished UI, a pre-wired database, and workflows that are ready to roll. I've been poking around with it to build some stuff for Starter Story. And watching it just build everything while I sit there and enjoy my drink is pretty amazing. So, if you've been sitting on an idea, head to the first link in the description, sign up for free, and tell Bubble AI exactly what you want to build. If you do that, drop your idea in the comments. I'll read through them and let you know which ones are my favorite. All right, let's dive back into Jacob and Alex story. On that note, um, what would be some of the opportunities that you see right now for ideas that people could build with Bubble or other no code tools? I think marketplaces are kind of the first thing that comes to mind actually. Just because it's the easiest way to manage a front end and a backend through no code. It's a little bit more generic, but honestly, you can build anything if you get creative. But even if it's no code, that doesn't necessarily mean that it's easy. Uh you still have to get creative. You still need to be resourceful, but there's plenty of opportunities with no code. And it brings down the barrier to entry enough so that you can start. And starting is the biggest hurdle. Well, that's awesome. So, I want to switch gears to marketing distribution. How did you take this idea from zero to a million dollars a year? To have success as a B2C app, you need to have viral potential. Your CAC, customer acquisition costs, it's pretty low. And so, to spend a lot on ads or other methods of promotion is not really viable for a a B2C app. That's something I learned with Faces that my other products really didn't have. We didn't reinvent the wheel. We do all of the usual stuff, you know, we do SEO, we do ads, influencers, organic content, but the key is really getting your messaging right and it's nothing fancy. It's just good execution. So, I come from a film making background and that's a lot about storytelling. So, if you can crack storytelling, then you can really sell a product. What you want to do is kickstart telling that story with ads, influencer collaborations, and other things. That's what Jacob and I did. Our first advertisement for Faceless Video was a Twitter thread that we spent I don't know like 200 bucks on and we got hundreds of thousands of views and kind of instantly went viral. Um, and that was very very helpful for us. And also our biggest growth came when influencers who saw our ads that we'd never even reached out to started promoting Faceless.video on their own because they genuinely believe that their audience would like the product. And Jacob also knows this, but word of mouth is consistently one of our top five attribution sources. So like on our customer attribution thing, people will just type in friend. So you know, people actually like the product. But if you have something that's truly original and solves a pain point, especially around an emerging trend, people will notice if you're first to market with something. So that's what we kind of centered our whole marketing strategy around is showing how are we different from what's out there? And then also this is how you can tap into this existing trend in a new way. So you can lay the foundation with traditional marketing like ads, influencers and all these things. But virality happens when the product kind of speaks for itself and you have the proper messaging and all of the incentives are lined up. I want to switch gears a little bit and talk about uh this business that you built and how it's impacted you. Uh you had a lot of failed businesses before, then you had this thing kind of take off. I'd love to hear more about that experience and how it changed things. SAS is incredible. I think that's kind of the first thing I I have to say. I went from a servicebased business into into SAS and it just allows you to make more money while getting your time back. And that that's huge. With a properly running system, your business will make money for you while you sleep. That doesn't mean it's hands off though while you're awake, of course, but I I was just amazed by how the system can really work when it connects. Something else that I realized a little bit maybe more on the personal side is it's important to make sure that what you're pursuing is for the love of doing it because when times get hard it it's easy to quit. It also gives us a competitive advantage because Jacob and I truly love doing this business and we're obsessed with it. We're always thinking about it. We're always texting each other about the business and if it's not truly something you love, someone who loves doing it, they'll always surpass you. You have this successful business. You get to sit down and work on it every day. You're passionate about it. What does an actual day in the life look like for you? You have a million- dollar business. What does that look like? Every day it kind of sits into two different buckets. I'm either looking into ways to cut costs, make things more efficient, improve the product, or bring on completely new features, integrations, and partnerships. That's kind of what a day in the life looks like is just constant optimizations. I'm still doing bug reports, too. So, there's of course the mundane side of things as well. For me, it's more of a balancing act. It's just finding new ways to grow while keeping our existing channels running smoothly. So, you know, creative strategy, working with our new team, as Jacob said, managing partnerships. So, it's just figuring out how to scale while also not breaking what's already working. Thanks for sharing that. Last question we ask all founders is if you can stand on Jacob and Alex's shoulders when you're just starting out before the success, what would you tell them? There's there's three things that come to mind for me. The the first is build from day zero optimizing for the best case scenario. If a 100,000 people signed up today, could your app handle it? Or would you have to rethink your pricing model and your technical debt when that starts to happen? The other thing is to not get too attached. If I didn't go through six ideas before Faceless, I probably still would have been trying to make that first idea work, and it just may not have worked at all. Maybe the idea wasn't good enough. Failing fast is a win-win. It there's no lose scenario with that. The third thing that comes to mind is to stay bootstrapped cuz staying bootstrapped forces you to build lean and and really focus on your value. If your idea is valuable to others, then you can scale healthfully. And if it's not, then you can move on and adapt quickly. You have options. So, I've been doing this since I've been young. I've always built things. But don't watch generic tutorials. Just pick a project that you're genuinely excited about and then learn everything you need to make that project real. You'll learn, you know, 10 times faster by building something you actually care about. And also, you can leverage your existing skills that you think might not apply to building a business. I don't think our marketing would have been as strong if I didn't have a storytelling background. And I don't think that, you know, a lot of what Jacob did, you know, come to fruition if he didn't have his background in the music industry and the advertising industry. Thank you, Alex. Thank you, Jacob, for coming on. The business you guys built is amazing. I'm sure it's going to keep growing. The fact you built it on Bubble is also amazing. I haven't heard of that before, but I think that's awesome. Thanks for coming on Starter Story and have a great day. Thank you so much for having us. Thank you. I love Jacob's story because he went from having basically no coding experience to building a million-dollar app. It's unreal to see how these AI tools are turning everyone into a builder and how they're getting better every single day. This is why we've been working on something called Starter Story Build. It's the place to learn about how to build with AI and how to turn your idea into a simple working production app that gets users and potentially can make money. In just 12 days, we'll guide you through the basics of building with AI and you'll get the skills to bring your ideas to life. If you're interested in checking out Starter Story Build, check the link in the description to learn more. Thank you guys again for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO npcL7oRZQlI =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $9K/Month Micro-SaaS
DURATION: 936.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My app does one thing and makes 9K a month. This is Leandro and he built an app that literally does just one thing. If you want to build a successful plugin, you need to understand this. But before the success, he was freelancing and doing side jobs until he came across a framework that changed everything. It has hundreds of business ideas waiting to be built. In this video, Leandro shares it all. How to quit freelancing and build for yourself. How to validate and build your idea in two weeks and this huge opportunity hiding in plain sight. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome Leandro to the channel. Thank you for coming on. Tell me about who you are, what you built and what's your story. My name is Leandro and I built an app that does only one thing and makes NK per month. Synto sheets is an add-on that runs on the sidear of Google Sheets and allows users to sync their notional databases to sheets. I built it in two weeks and it has been around for four years now. All right, cool. So, you built a plugin that makes $9,000 a month. Tell me a little bit more about this business and some of the numbers behind it. So, Cto Sheets runs on the side of Wool Sheets and it's kind of part of the Wool Workspace marketplace. We have more than 70K users in the application. We have more than 450 paying customers and we get kind of 5k visitors a month and lifetime revenue probably around 120k for the last four years. I could say that the last year or two years is where we made most of the money. All right. So, one reason why I wanted to bring you on the channel and what I love about your business is it just does one thing. I think that's super cool. Tell me a little bit about how you found this idea. So what happened four years ago I was building an integration between Google Sheets and another service. I was working with the sheets API. So I gained a lot of knowledge about it. And at that time notion released their official notion API. There was a a gap between what users needed and what's available in notion. So I said okay I need to validate if there's going to be a need for that kind of integration to sync Google sheets with notion. So what I did I went to Reddit I checked the subreddit of notion and search for keywords like sheets, Google sheets, excel, CSV, all related keywords to what I was trying to build and validate and I found a lot of people like trying to export the information from notion into sheets to work with the data. I was confident to build an MVP in two weeks. So I just built MVP and starting to find users and beta testers to to give a shot. Cool. Well, I mean I think that's super cool. If you're starting today, where would you go looking for more opportunities for this type of business? I believe Zapier is a good place to go and find those kind of opportunities. So, if you go to Zapier and you check for example the most common SAPs, you will see that pair of two applications for example are QuickBooks and sheets. There's a lot of companies and small businesses using QuickBooks for accounting and they need to move that information to check the invoices, the payment orders and everything and work with that data. And doing that in Sapier is kind of messy. You need to create different subs for updates, for creates, deletes, and everything. So, if you're able to build that in just one piece of software that does everything, you're going to be solving a huge pain point for customers. That's perfect. I love that. Let's take a step back. I know that you have an interesting background. You live in Buenos AIS, Argentina. Tell me about your background and how you got into building apps. So, I first study electronics engineering. I really love like taking things apart and and investigating everything. I went to college. College made me literally hate electronics. So that way I said, "Okay, I need to learn by myself." I chose JavaScript because in JavaScript you can build mobile apps, web apps and everything. So it took me kind of a year. Life got in the way. I did freelance in 8 years. It's kind of hard. You have an entrepreneur spirit. You want to make the decisions and sometimes you're not in charge. So yeah, I was kind of tired of that kind of work. I wanted to create my own schedule for the day, just be able to build things, be with a computer, and solve problems. I said, "Okay, I already have some savings. I already know how to code. I have the experience now. I want to give it a shot." It was during co that I decided to take that that step. I quit everything. No more clients, no more anything. And just decided to to build my own thing. Cool. Okay, let's get a little bit more technical here. I want to know about how you actually built this thing, how long it took to build and how you launched it. So the Adon is built using Appcript. Appcript is a language from Google services that allows you to extend Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and all Google services. So that's what I use to build the the UI and everything of the ADOM. Then I use VS Code as my coding editor to build MVP. As I mentioned before, it has some experience using the sheets API. So that really helped at the beginning to create the first version and and it took me yeah two two weeks no AI just stack overflow Google and and searching for for everything there. I love that. Let's talk about ideas. How do you go about finding ideas that can make money? Yeah, I'm not the kind of of guy that go looking for ideas and usually I read a lot blog post X YouTube videos. Ideas spark in my mind and I just write them down. I have a huge list of ideas. And it's funny when the same idea pops up different times. Those are the kind of ideas that you work on. But if I were to look for ideas, I could use I think Upwork could be a great place to find ideas because you can go there and see what people are looking for to build. And maybe if you can translate that into a known solution to offer to other users, I think there could be some really good insights in there. On that same note, let's talk about validating those ideas. Once you've come up with an idea and even potentially launched or thinking about launching it, how do you know if that idea is validated? What's your approach to that? Yeah, for new ideas, I usually first look if there is something that already exists that is similar or the same. Is this an enterprise solution? Is this for small businesses? Is this for for individuals? You can check the existing pricings to see what's the potential for for that idea. That's kind of the first step. Then if I'm going to continue building, I need to know that I'm gonna be able to have something that differentiates me from the rest of the products that already exist. If I can't find that angle, I maybe look for something else because if you're not able to differentiate yourself, it's going to be hard to enter into the market. And then yeah, try to find your first five users willing to try it out, right? Use Reddit, use X, use Facebook groups, LinkedIn groups as well. Having those users using the app while you're building it is amazing. like it's really like the insights and all the validation that you get that you're building exactly what they need is is super important. Cool. So, let's talk about MVP. I think a lot of people watching this may have tried to build stuff and sometimes when you get towards the end, you're not sure what features to include and what not to include. Tell me about how you approach that with your plug-in. First, I need to be able to transfer the information from one place to the other. No formatting, no anything. I just wanted the data to be there in sheets. And then I started to think about the user experience and what users could want the data to look like. And I realized they could want the data to look like similar to how it looks in notion. So that's when I added conditional formattings, data validation for select, for drop downs and everything. I also wanted the sync to work and allow users to move columns, hide columns. So I focus in those little details that make the difference. Right. Awesome. All right. Well, before we get into how Leandro turned this simple idea into a $9,000 per month micro SASS, let's talk about where the next big solo apps are being built. If you're a solo dev or SAS builder like Leandro, you know that marketplaces are one of the smartest ways to grow and build a business. You don't need an audience. You don't need to run ads. You just need to build something people already need where they already are. And one marketplace that's flying under the radar right now is monday.com. It's a multi-product platform with products for project management, CRM, service management, and more. They've got over 245,000 customers across over 200 industries. And over 90% of their enterprise customers use apps on the marketplace. That is massive built-in demand. And what's great is that the Money.com marketplace isn't saturated yet. So, this is a good chance to get in early and stand out while the opportunity is wide open. They've made it super dev friendly with robust APIs, MCP support, flexible SDKs, and a team that's actually invested in helping your app succeed. Plus, modernization is native. You set up the pricing, and they handle the billing and payments. We worked with them to put together this free ebook that breaks down the exact type of users on monday.com, what they need, and where the biggest opportunities are. Click the first link in the description to grab it, brainstorm your next idea, and start building. Thanks to monday.com for supporting the channel. Now, let's get back to Leandro's story. Let's talk about the launch of this. So, you built it and then what happened? Did you put it on the marketplace and how many users did you get? Tell me about what the launch process was like. Yes. So, the first step was to publish it to the Wool Works Pay Marketplace and then I started to spam a lot of famous groups related to notion and Reddit as well. So, I search keywords related to the product and started to have conversations with users both in the groups and in personal DMs. So, that way I got some some first users to try the application. And the same with the marketplace. Once application is in the marketplace, if there's someone looking for something notion related, they're going to find it and they're going to try it. Also, something that really helped was having a chat interface in the landing page at the beginning because that way you can have real conversations with customers and with users and try to understand what they need. All right. So, let's talk about growth. Uh, after you kind of launch this thing, you're posting on a bunch of forums. What did you do after that to actually start growing as a business and distribute and get your product in front of more people? Yeah. So, the first source of installs was of course the marketplace. That was super important. But I realized I needed to do SEO stuff. And so I started to think about what kind of blog post I could write that user can find interesting and related to notion and Google Sheets. So that's right now one of our main traffic channels. And I also use Reddit a lot. I have a service called F5 bot that is free that lets you track different keywords on Reddit. So I set up some keyword tracking related to CSV sheet sheets in that subreddit and every time I get an email with a notification that a new post or comment was added I just go there and reply. Of course you need to try to be not spammy and really give value to to the users and if your product can be a solution for the their problems then you recommend your product you say you are the founder. I also did a launch on product hunt a year and a half after launching the the product for the first time. So that's also was a really nice source of traffic, not paying customers, but yes, traffic and visibility. And I remember I also posted on Hacker News. I got to the front page. I was crazy the spike you get in traffic is amazing. But again, the same is doesn't translate into paying customers. It's just visibility, back links that improve domain rating, but that's it. That's great. All right. Well, let's get a little more technical here. U I'd love to hear about your tech stack. What kind of tools and languages do you use and have you used to build these products? So, TypeScript is my language. VS Code I use it as my editor. I have now started to use cursor a little bit. All my infrastructure is in Google Cloud and Firebase. I use S grid for transactional emails and marketing emails as well. Mix pan for analytics. I really love Mixpan because you are able to know exactly what each user is doing with application. I use paddle as my payment processor instead of stripe because stripe is not available in Argentina. And I use TIO as a customer support tool to have the chat in the in the landing page. It takes time but it gives you like a lot of insights and direct communication with with your customers and I think that even at the beginning is super important. That's awesome. On that same note, can you actually share with me the costs and the margin of a business like this? Yeah, of course. So I guess in in terms of percentage of margin is 90%. My main expense right now is cloud infrastructure because again you are kind of syncing between two services and you are doing that all the time in real time. So there's a lot of compute going on but apart from that the rest of the tools are cheap. It's not a huge expense. Cool. All right. Okay. So you built this successful business. It's making $9,000 a month somewhat on autopilot. What have you learned through this process that surprised you? It was crazy to realize how small changes affect the business. Moving a button, changing a text or just moving things around in the UI can have such a profound impact. Sometimes just small decisions make a lot of difference. At the beginning, we had a free plan. And I realized that a lot of users were just using the free plan and that was enough for them. They didn't needed to pay. So I made a decision to remove the free plan. It was risky. There was a lot of people angry about that. But basically in that moment we went from 5K to 8K in few months I think. So yeah, just a small decision that makes a huge different to the business. That's amazing insight. I'd love to hear about what your typical day in the life looks like. You're running an ad that makes $9,000 a month. What does a typical day look like for you in Argentina? So I have a 2-year-old child. We usually wake up at 7 7:30. Prepare some mates breakfast. I go with him to the kinderg. After that, I'm ready to to start working. I usually work in a spikes. So, when I have to do development, I kind of put together a lot of task, do a huge spike of work and then I chill, spike, chill. That's kind of my way of working. And I try to do things that are going to make a difference. If I see that a task or something is not going to move the needle, I just don't do it and focus my time in something else. Cool. Last question that we ask all founders who come on Starter Story. uh if you could stand on Leandro's shoulders when you were, you know, a freelancer trying to find that business idea, what advice would you give him? Yeah, I think it's super important to at least find your first user that is willing to pay for your application. What happened to me with some other products is that you build it for free first, you have a lot of usage and as soon as you start charging, then they don't use the application anymore. So that's the moment when you realize that there was not enough value for them. So charging from the beginning, I think, is super important. Do not waste time building something that no one is going to be willing to pay for. And then when you realize that it's going to work, just go for it. All right. Well, that was great. Thanks for coming on, Leandro. I love your story. I love the business that you built. Hopefully, you'll be building a bunch more cool plugins and grow to 100K MR. And we'll see you next time. Thanks for coming on. Thank you for having me. It was super fun. I wanted to thank Leandro again for coming on the channel. I love his story because he's proof that you can take a simple idea and turn it into a really solid business. My favorite part about his business is that although it's not a massive huge million-dollar business, it's a super cool business that kind of works on autopilot, it's great for developers, and again, like we said, it just does one thing. If you're interested in building something similar, and you're serious about actually doing this, I'd encourage you to check out Starter Story Build. In 2 weeks, you'll come up with an idea, you'll build it, and you'll launch it and come out the other side with a real live production app. I'll put the link in the description if you want to check that out. But otherwise, thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO CoqAxV6b6j4 =====
TITLE: I Make $100K/Year From 2 AI Side Projects
DURATION: 793.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I make 100k a year from my side projects while keeping my full-time job. Meet Romsri, an app builder from India who runs two profitable AI side projects while keeping a full-time job. I only work on my apps 1 to 2 hours a week. In this video, Romrey breaks down how he manages all of this and why he has no plans to quit his full-time job. The reason I haven't quit my full-time job is I brought Romy onto the channel to share how he got millions of users while spending zero dollars on marketing, his framework for finding profitable side project ideas, and the secret to building any successful project in AI. Building with AI is simple because if you're building apps on the side, this episode is a mustwatch. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. [Music] All right, Ramsree, welcome to the channel. Thank you for coming on. Tell me a little bit about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. My name is Rams, and I build two apps that make me $8,500 per month. I'm currently building these two apps alongside my full-time job. Right now, I'm spending about 2 hours a week on these apps, and they mostly run on complete autopilot. Great. All right. Tell me about some of the numbers behind these businesses. Superme has done lifetime revenue of about 130k USD and question is around 100k USD. Both of them combined are at $8,500. So approximately a little over 100k arr. Coming to the users 1.5 million plus users for super meme and about 150k plus users for question. Paying customers 400 for super meme and 18 to 200 for question. What I love about this is that you're building this on the side. You've decided to keep your full-time job. Tell me about what that's like to build profitable projects while you have a full-time job. The key during the initial phases of development of these two projects was to assign one two hours of daily learning and development. SAS has quite a lot of components not just about building the tech aspect of it but rather there's whole suite of things payments authentication databases marketing SEO. So it took me a few years to gain proficiency in all these aspects. Consistency is the only thing that helped. You know nowadays with tools like deep research and AI assisted coding tools like wind surf, cursor, it has become a lot more easier to build as well as maintain these apps alongside whatever you're doing full-time. Nowadays I mostly treat my SAS apps like they are in autopilot mode. just allocate Saturday afternoon, couple of hours to do updates or quick bug fixes. Cool. I'm curious, you know, you have these businesses that are doing pretty good. Why haven't you decided to go full-time, you know, buy back all your time and why did you decide to kind of keep your full-time job? One thing is that I don't want to take on VC funding or take on the responsibility of hiring and maintaining a team for the sake of growth and several other aspects of life. For example, I have a kid, retired parents. So, I don't want people around me to go through the same roller coaster ride of emotions and being always busy and unavailable lifestyle. I don't want them to experience that. Let's take a step back and talk a little bit about your background. I know you've done a bunch of different things. Walk me through your background and how you got into building apps. I was full on on the MOO revolution doing every technical course on Corsera, Udacity and all these platforms during 2015 to 2018 phase. And when I started doing these, I started getting a lot of ideas in the AI space and I thought it's about time for me to experiment. So 2018 to 2020, I just got my feet wet into entrepreneurship. I did not have any entrepreneurship background. So I was just testing the waters. So I started writing all about my experiments on LinkedIn and Twitter. Eventually people started following me and asking questions and waking up every day and writing online on these platforms became my point of comfort. And during 2021 and 2022 is when I took all my learnings and launched a Udemy course and that made like $10,000 in revenue till now. That was a good turning point for my let's say slowcooked entrepreneurship journey in 2022 2023. I learned no code tools and created the first version of question.ai. No beautiful UI just two text boxes left and right. Then I realized the bottlenecks that I'm hitting and thought of just learning full stack with the latest and greatest tech. spent 6 months and fully ported question to modern tech stack for super meme since I knew the pain of growing a solo startup I wanted to take a different route so I partnered with the fullstack developer I'm the AI guy and there's another marketer that worked out well about a year year and a half before I took up a full-time job as well and I'm quite happy that it all worked out before we finish talking about how Ramshree built his two projects I do want to highlight something important You don't need a massive budget to build a good business, but you do need to know what people are searching for. That's why we're excited to partner with Semrush. Semrush is an all-in-one marketing platform trusted by over 10 million users, from indie makers to global brands. It helps you understand exactly what your audience wants so you can build something smarter and market better. Here's how to use it in three quick steps. Start a free 7-day trial using the link below. There's no credit card required. Use the keyword magic tool, which has over 26.6 billion keywords, to see what people are already searching for in your niche. Then spy on your competitors, track traffic, and uncover gaps where your next big idea could thrive. Most people think Semrush is just for SEO, but it's so much more. You can use it to validate new ideas, create content that ranks, and even find paid keywords your competitors are sleeping on. So, if you're serious about building products that people actually want, start with Seamrush. Just click the first link in the description to grab your free trial. All right, let's get back to the video. Let's talk about ideas. You have two successful ideas. I imagine you've had some that haven't worked out. How did you find these ideas? And generally, how do you think about finding ideas that are worth building? In short, to fit it in a framework, get manual tasks that people currently pay for, which could be significantly enhanced or substituted by existing or imminent generative AI. That's where the key is. So, let's take for example question.ai back in 2020. The first thing that we identified was large tech companies and publishing companies do a lot of quiz creation. We saw that there's potential here. But AI wasn't there yet to deliver automated quiz creation from text, but we could foresee that this quiz generation with AI could grow significantly in the next few years. So that was our insight. You should always keep a tab on where generative AI is headed so that you can identify new business use cases that the new AI technology can unlock which was previously not possible or complex or costly. That's cool. Okay. Well, let's talk about growth because you know a lot of these AI apps are getting built now. Anybody can build anything now. But the next piece is getting attention, getting distribution. You have over a million people using one of your apps. Tell me about how you've approached growth and how you got your first users and grew the business. Build distribution before building a product. By distribution, I mean write about stuff that interests you or what you're working on. For example, for question, before even building the product, I used to write a lot of blogs about quiz generation, create some videos on YouTube, things like that. Every single day, I used to show up on LinkedIn, write about stuff that I'm working on. Both question.ai AI and superme.ai. Even before hitting any virality, we completely built them in public. Sometimes I used to get 10 likes, sometimes 100 likes, 400 likes. So the algorithm keeps changing all the time. But consistency matters a lot. That's how I found even co-founders for my app. They saw my posts and we just got together. So I would say the biggest thing was social media founder content sharing. That's how we got all of our first users. Iterated on initial MVPs that we built. After that we launched on product hunt and luckily with the initial set of users who were our champions through our social media. They helped us and also the virality factor of AI meme generator got us to number one on product hunt on the launch day for super meme. Cool. I like that. Let's get a little bit more technical. Well, I want to hear about how you build stuff cuz you're doing this on the side and you must know a lot of different cool tech and how you built this business. So, walk me through your tech stack and the tools and languages you've learned and you've used to build out this business. It's Nex.js for primary app development. So, full stack framework that's based on JavaScript. For backend primarily superbase for landing pages etc. We have been using typedream just to build no code landing pages and do quick rapid SEO changes. And there's quite a lot of heavy development with AI assisted coding tools like wind surf cursor. This is our current tech stack. And on that same note, walk me through some of the costs and margins. How much does it cost to run this business? What do the margins look like? I would say we operate at a 70 to 75% profit margin. The biggest cost is mostly APIs. Whether it is AI, APIs from OpenAI, Anthropic. The other thing is that we have no employees aside the founders. That helps us keep the costs minimal. Cool. I like that. Let's go over to a little bit more of a personal note. You're running two successful side projects. You got a full-time job. You got a family. What does a typical day in the life look like for someone like you? So, my typical day starts at like 7:30 a.m. where I wake up, get my kid dressed up, and I drop him to school. By 9:30, I'm usually free. I have a treadmill at home, so I do some walking and then catching up on some AI news. 12:30 I pick up my kid and we have some home-cooked lunch. That's till like 2:00 p.m. Between 2 to 5:30 p.m. is where I do bulk of my full-time job work. After that, I have my dinner with family. And if there are any urgent pending tasks, I allocate an hour from like 9:30 to 10:30 or 11:00 p.m. to do work related stuff. Otherwise, I just watch some TV or documentaries and go to bed by 11:30 or latest by 12:00. Usually, I don't pick up my SAS related stuff daily. I just dedicate Saturday afternoon, usually 2 to 5:00 p.m., 2 to 4 p.m. That's when I have like one or two hours to do some feature updates or just do some housekeeping tasks for the SAS apps. That's cool. The last question that we ask, if you could sit on Romster's shoulder when he was just starting out trying to find that first app idea, what advice would you give him? Think like a builder from day one. And in today's age, it is very much possible to adapt that mindset and build something quick. For example, even if you want to do wipe coding, there are tools like lovable bold new. Even if you want to just purely use chained workflow app then there are automations that you can create with tools like make or n or zap year etc. Right? So whenever you have an issue or you come across an idea that can be built build a minimum viable prototype of it using these tools. The other thing is to follow tech updates very closely because you could identify new use cases that can be built on top of them. But the biggest thing is to aim for solving a problem by chaining and stitching together tools and products that are out there than spending months in R&D. That's very crucial. All right. Thank you, Romy, for coming on to Starter Story. I love what you build. Keep building more stuff and I hope to have you back on in the future. Thank you so much, Pat, and it's my pleasure to be absolutely here. Thanks, Romstre, for coming on the channel. I personally love his approach to building lots of different side projects, not taking the huge leap of quitting your full-time job and having a good lifestyle businesses and still tinkering and having fun and building stuff. I personally love that. If you're wanting to build something similar, specifically AI side projects, then check out Starter Story Build. I put a link in the description, but basically in 12 days, you'll come up with an idea, build it, launch it, and have a real life production app by the end. This is for anyone actually serious about building stuff and potentially creating an app that could change your life. I'll put the link in the description if you want to check it out, but otherwise, I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO En34iY-rQc0 =====
TITLE: I Make $250K/Month From 20 Apps
DURATION: 1081.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My name is John Rush and I run 20 different projects doing 3 million error. John Rush started his career working for huge VCback startups. But after feeling unhappy and a bit bored with the VC life, he decided to throw it all out the window and instead launched his own apps as a solo founder. And over the past 3 years, he's built, launched, and now runs over 26 different apps. I built a VC for 10 years until I realized this one thing. In this video, we'll take you behind the scenes of John's exact process for building a portfolio of profitable apps. We'll dive into the exact steps he uses to come up with every single idea, how he gets paying customers before building anything, and a full breakdown of all the different apps he runs. The secret of running 26 startups is All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. Welcome John Rush to Starter Story. Thanks for coming on. Tell me about the business that you built and what's your story. My name is John Rush and I'm running 26 startups at the same time after quitting the VC world and joining the bootstrap movement. All my businesses have combined around 1 million users in B2B and combined 3 million AR where seven products bring most of the revenue and the other products are bringing the audience and that they channel to the paid products. The most popular tool I have is called unicorn platform. It's a website builder that helps business founders to build their landing pages, weight lists and directories. Okay. So let's move to uh a little bit about your background, how you got started as an entrepreneur and uh what your story looks like. Yeah. So it all started when I was little. So my father was entrepreneur. He would involved me into everything he was doing just for fun. And by 2020 I was 10 years in to building VC back startups and that's when I kind of felt that it was something against my nature. So I was so obsessed with users. I was so obsessed with the products and the love from the users for my products. But in the VC bag world, I felt like the whole obsession was kind of different. In 2022, I decided to enter the bootstrap scene. I found the one tool that I like the most called Unicorn Platform. And I reached out to the founder and I said like do you want to sell this product to me the whole startup and also when you sell it you will join me for a year and you will teach me how to be a bootstrapper and how to be an Indie maker and he said yes. So I paid almost a million dollar for that startup and then and he guided me on and everything. So he was my mentor for a year. I went from being VC backfounder who knows nothing about bootstrapping to becoming a pretty prominent bootstrapper in the scene. Cool. Well, on that topic, I would love if you actually did a deep dive on your projects. You don't have to go through all of them, but some of the products you're most proud of and that bring in the most revenue for your business. So, all my products are for busy founders. So, the first one is Unicorn Platform. It's a website builder and directory builder for busy founders and it has 600,000 users. The second one is SEO bot. It has 100k MR and it has grown in less than 12 months and it was one of the first SEO AI agent on the market. The third one is listing bot. It finds all relevant directories on the internet and it lists your product there. Thank you for sharing all that. You seem like you're pretty good at finding ideas that work. I would love if you walk through your process for ideulating and validating an idea that you're going to end up working on and building. Yeah. So, I used the same process over and over again for all my 20 plus products. It all starts with my own pain at work that I want to solve and then I look for solutions for that pain. And if I don't find the solutions on the market, then I go and talk about this pain on the internet. And if I see other people resonate with my pain and they say, "Yeah, I have the same pain and I I wish there was a solution." Then that's kind of grand signal for me to go to the next step. I launch uh a weight list and I see whether I am able to generate 100 signups. I email them all and I offer them 90% discount on a pre-sale before I build anything. And then if I get five sales, I build the first MVP. I don't even build a product. I actually deliver the solution manually. At this stage, I don't care about the margins yet. I just care about the solution being delivered to the customers and whether they actually satisfied with that. And usually it's not that straightforward. Usually I have to iterate and I deliver solution to the customers and they don't like it. So I iterate iterate until they like it. And it's easier to iterate when there is no product, when there's no code. It's much easier because I just have to change my own routine and my own service. And once I find a sweet spot where it satisfies the users, I go and find a co-maker. The co-maker joins in. We spend two three months building and then I have this big launch on Twitter and that's it. That's the blueprint for all the products I have. Cool. Well, let's talk about that kind of co-maker strategy. I haven't seen that too much before or heard too much about that. So, I'm curious, how does it actually work? How do you find great developers or product managers for this? And how does partnerships work for that? Finding a co-maker is really hard, same as finding a co-founder. So I usually talk to other makers and I become friends with them and that runs for years or month and then eventually when I'm looking for a co-maker it's not that difficult for me to figure out who to reach out to because I see that I'm building a tool for social media and there were these three founders building something similar in the past and they have failed and now if I pitch them the idea that has past the validation part I have pre-sales done and I have some users it's really easy to convince needs them to join and we share the ownership 50/50. It's just regular co-ownership where I take care of all the operation, legal parts, accounting and the co-maker takes care of the coding and support. If you want to be the co-maker people want to work with, the best thing to do is to build things in public because that makes it so easy for anyone else to evaluate you and to just see whether you have things in common, etc. All right, before we finish talking about John's projects, I need you to hear this. Shipping 20 projects is insane productivity. But the minute you aim one of those apps at the enterprise, well, B2B, the questions from leads and customers start to change. Enterprise buyers don't just ask, "Does it work?" They ask, "Are you SOCK 2 compliant, HIPPA compliant, ISO 2701 compliant?" Miss that box and your six-figure deal evaporates. especially since these frameworks can take months and months to achieve. And that's why Starter Story has partnered with Vanta on this video. Vanta is a trust management platform that automates the painful parts of compliance. It hooks into your stack, runs continuous checks, and keeps the evidence all clean for auditors, so you can stay in build mode while Vanta handles the paperwork. Vanta saves teams about $535,000 a year and pays for itself in 3 months. It's built for startup speed and shaped by thousands of teams. No wonder 10,000 plus companies like Ramp, Atlassian, Langchain, and Cursor use it to prove security in real time. So, if you're looking to land enterprise and B2B customers, or just make your project as secure as possible. Get started with Vanta's free compliance for startup bundles. It has compliance checklists, case studies, videos, and more to help you get compliant quickly, demonstrate security, and build customer trust. Just head to the first link in the description, access it, get compliant, close the deal. Huge thanks to Vanta for supporting the channel. Now, let's get back to the video. Okay, let's talk about marketing cuz uh you told me that you handle the distribution side of things. I'd love to hear what your kind of secret sauce is that comes to marketing so many different businesses and getting hundreds of thousands of users. I think that the key essence of good marketing is good product. The ideal marketing is where the product just drives the sales and drives the word of mouth. But it's difficult to build a great product right away. So usually you start with an average product and you have to do the boring marketing methods to bring first users and then use those users to improve your product and make it great. So before my product is great, I usually go for SEO. And then the second most popular meth I have is social media marketing. So I run that on X, on LinkedIn, on Substack, on Facebook, everywhere. I repurpose the same content on all platforms and I do that every day. So I share at least 30 tweets a month and sometimes more. And then the third one is the listings on directories. This is very very good way to grow your product if your product is hot and interesting. In my case, all products are connected to AI and it's easy to package them in a way that people want to click them when they see them on directories. So if your product is also clickbaity, it's easy to drive traffic from directories. Then I do cross promo which is quite unique to me. Every user that tries one of my product ends up trying at least one more product and often I have people who try all of my products. The cross promo works really really well because people trust you already and they know you deliver. Cool. What I think is really cool about how you have all these different projects is actually the marketing strategy that comes with that is this idea of cross-selling or cross promotion. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? So I have over 20 tools where some tools are premium tools I make money on and some tools are just to bring traffic in and channel it to the my premium tools. I do two things. So one thing is that I link tools with each other and the other thing that's more interesting is that I integrate tools with each other. For example, in SEO bot, I have a button called boost my domain rating. And if you click that, then it brings you to my other tool called listing bot that helps you to boost your domain rating. I have this integrations across all the products. So users natively float from product to product and end up using my entire ecosystem. Let's move on to the next topic which is AI. I'd love to know how you are using AI to build, run, grow, and make your business more efficient. The way I use AI for building the products is that I built my own tool, my own AI code generator that lets me build all my SAS products, no code tools and AI agents and it works extremely well. I think AI in coding is probably the best application of AI in the modern days. And then I use AI a lot for design. I make all my logos with AI. I make all my images with AI. So basically I don't use designers for most of my work and then I use AI for research. In the past I would hire people and I would give them research tasks but now I just go for 03 research mode or group research mode and I give it the task and then it spends like 10 minutes and then I have perfect table with all the data I need. And then I use AI for marketing. That's where I gain the most profit from AI I think because marketing is consuming a lot of resources otherwise. So I use it for SEO, I use it for generating emails, I use it for copyrightiting and uh generating ads and everything. So basically I generate everything with AI. Then I use AI for operation. So I built one tool called Nova. So it's like a project manager AI and it manages all the projects I have with the co-makers because I have a lot of co-makers and this AI is just taking care of all those processes. Well, on that note, when we talk about some more tools, tell me about what kind of tools and languages are you using on a daily basis. What are your favorite tools? What runs the business? Yeah. So, I use JavaScript and Tailwind for coding. And it turned out that AI is perfect for these two. Then I use Grock for learning. So, if I have a question, I ask Grock because Grock has connection to real time tweets and that's where all the best data is like all the best content is on Twitter and then Grog has access to that. I use Discord for chats and for project management and then I use Apple notes for writing. I tried everything that's complicated and then I went back to Apple notes and then I use code and Gemini and OpenAI APIs inside my tools. It's kind of a race where every month I keep switching between because one model is better this month than the other model. So I use all three of them at the same time and then let users choose. The AI tools are pretty expensive to run. For example, in SEO bot, we have around 70% margins. So, we make 100K a month and then we pay 30K for APIs. And then in nonAI tools where the costs are pretty low, I have 90% margins. The main cost for unicorn platform for example is support agents and I have humans doing that and I like to have humans for that because AI doesn't have the soul. So people don't want to chat with AI, they just ask question and they leave. But when you have humans in support, then people might just start chatting about random things and create this relationship. So I think I want to keep human support for all my products. Well, on that note, I think what's cool about your story is you did VC, you had an exit even, and then you also did solarreneurship. You've done both. You've seen both. So tell me about some of the differences between VC bootstrapping and what you think the future of startups are. In the VC world, I think people have to understand the game. And I did not understand the game. I was all about building great products, making happy users. But the game was about exits. So everything has to be optimized for an exit. In a bootstrap world, it's totally different. You optimize for profits rather than for the next funding round. In a VC world, you pay for growth. In a bootstrap world, you want to have productled growth. In a VC world, you have many people working for you and you want to grow the headcount as much as possible because that increases your valuation. And in a bootstrap world, you want to cut the headcount as much as possible. Ideally, you want to be a solo because then there are no cost at all. Okay. On more of a personal topic, I would love to learn a little bit more about what your life is like. What does a day in the life look like for you? I live in a forest and I have no social life. I have family and children and animals. So, I wake up in the morning. I go outside. I take care of animals. I change their water. I bring them food. I cut some grass. I do some exercise outside and after 1 hour I come back and I work for 5 hours. Then my kids come from studying and then we spend time together for 2 3 hours. Then they go to sleep. Then I go back to work for another 5 hours. Then I go to sleep at 4:00 a.m. and I wake up at 10:00 a.m. So I sleep 6 hours a day. And it worked well until now, but now I I feel like I have to sleep more than that. Cool. Wow. That was not the answer I was expecting that you're on a farm, but I love that. What is something that you learned in your journey that surprised you or you didn't expect? So the first time when I seen build in public, I thought it's all about marketing. So people do that to get more eyeballs on their products and that's free marketing. And that's true. But I realized that even the bigger value of building in public is that you build up a direct channel with the audience and the users that helps you to build great products. Before building in public, my failure rate was really high. 90% of the things I've done failed. And when I start building in public, it flipped. So now only 10% of my products fail and 90% don't fail because I adjust them before I ship them just because I build in public. Cool. I like that. Last question that we'll ask that we ask all founders that come on Starter Story. If you could stand on John's shoulders when you were getting started with that first bootstrapped that ended up becoming in your whole portfolio, what advice would you give him or anyone building SAS getting started today? The most important thing when you build a startup is the idea and the founder idea fit. So people start looking for random ideas in random spaces and I think that's wrong. I think people should try to build something they understand. In my case, I went into the extreme and I built things for my own work. And that's something I understand really really well. But I think people should build for their own work. They should solve their own problems. And I'm sure at any job in the world, there are hundreds of things you can solve with software. So don't go too far. Don't look for random things. Just look around you and see what are the pain points in your job. Founder market fit. build something that you are passionate about or you have some expert knowledge in and you have such an advantage and such a head start. I love that. Thanks for coming on the show, John. I love what you built. 26 businesses, 3 million AR is amazing. It's only going to keep growing and I'm stoked to watch your journey. Thanks for coming on and sharing all that. Thanks for having me. What I think is probably the coolest part about what you built is how all your different apps kind of all work together. That kind of cross-selling and cross promotion thing. I see a lot of people building lots of different things that are unrelated. But what I think really works for him is that every app he builds kind of compounds onto the next one. But it all starts with actually building something, building that first idea and then doing that over and over and over again. So shameless plug, I would love if you checked out Starter Story Build. It is our platform to teach you how to build startups, apps, and projects with AI tools. I'll put the link in the description for that. If you're serious about actually building something, in 12 days, you will take an idea to a real ship product that can actually have users. And I think that's awesome. Thanks guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 4hMg_CZauJs =====
TITLE: I Built an App with Cursor and Made $100K on Launch Day
DURATION: 849.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I used AI to build an app that's now making $300,000 and I didn't write a single line of code. AI coding has changed the game forever. And this guy is proof. Alex Finn built and launched his app in just 3 months using Cursor. Every line of code was written with AI. All the marketing was done with AI. Today, I brought him on to the channel to share his entire playbook. How to build apps with cursor the right way. The secret to actually finding a million-dollar business idea. And how to have a launch so epic that you might never have to work another day in your life. On launch day, I made $100,000 in 15 minutes and $200,000 in 2 hours. If you're building anything online, you can't miss this one. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Alex Spin, to the channel. Well, tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. I'm Alex Finn. I designed, launched, and built Creator Buddy, uh, an AI content app completely by myself. So, it automatically pulls in your tweets from X and then it has an AI model on top of it that reads all your tweets and is able to coach you on how to create better content. So, I started building this in August 2024 when I discovered Cursor. And after about seven or eight months of building this, getting feedback, improving on it, iterating it, and then finally releasing it, we had a really successful launch day. Uh within 15 minutes, I got it to $100,000 ARR, and within 2 weeks, I got it to $300,000 ARR. We have almost 500 active paid subscribers. And all I did was build a product that solved my own challenges. And along the way, I was able to build a super powerful AI product that I am able to now run and and ship all completely by myself. That's insane. I mean, this happened all so recently. Give me a little bit about your background and how you got into this. Yeah, for sure. So, I've been in tech my whole life. Before this, I was leading a team of technical consultants at MongoDB and I've always had the dream of building software, but with a a 9-5, it was very difficult. And then around December 2021, I started creating content on at the time Twitter. So I built this entire system for myself around tweets so that I could have my 9 to5 while also creating content and I was like putting tweets in a spreadsheet and seeing what worked and what doesn't. So in March 2023, Elon Musk open sources the uh X algorithm code. I immediately open up the GitHub. I go through all the code and I decide to write a thread on Twitter about the open source algorithm. I go over like how it works, what are the different variables in it, like how things go viral. And that thread I wrote on the algorithm goes super viral. Elon retweets it. Mark Cuban engages with it. When I get hundreds of thousands of followers, I decided like I have a once in a-lifetime opportunity here. I have this massive audience behind me. If I can figure out a way to build something, I can build a real business. And so I quit my job, went all in and eventually came upon the idea of Creator Buddy and launched it. That's amazing. That's an insane story. Before we get into a lot of the audience stuff, which we're going to talk about, I understand that you taught yourself how to use cursor and you built this without much coding experience. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? So August of last year, I discovered cursor for the first time. And within 5 minutes of using cursor, I have this realization that hits me that's like I can with cursor build enterprise level software software that required teams of hundreds of people before now completely by myself, no help whatsoever. And so I had a working prototype day one. I go to my community on X. I say, "Hey, this is what I built. What do you think? What can I add that makes this more helpful?" And then I just spent the next 6, seven months getting feedback, improving, getting feedback, improving until I hit the point in January this year where I felt like, okay, this is ready to launch. People are going to be willing to pay money for this. Cool. I understand that you picked up cursor without a big software development background. What was kind of your framework of way of doing things and way of building in cursor without a bunch of experience? I think the separating factor from people who use cursor well and don't use cursor well is the way you communicate what you want the AI to do. And what I've kind of figured out is basically the smaller you can break down your problems, your challenges, your requests, the better your results will be. So let's say I'm trying to build a feature around AI brain dumps, right? What I would do is is I would try to break that feature down into the smallest building blocks possible. So my first request would be, hey, can you build an input where a user can enter in an essay or a brain dump? It would do that and then I go, okay, next I want you to build a button that will eventually repurpose the content. And they build the button and I go, okay, now I want you to command the AI model to take that essay and turn it into a tweet. And while it seems like that would take much longer, you'll actually get done a lot more and a lot faster because you're not going to run into bugs that way. And a little hack there, if you actually have chat GPT up on the side, you can say, "Here's a feature I want to build. Can you break it down into micro steps and then just take that output and put it into cursor?" So, that really is the biggest key, breaking it down into micro steps for the AI. All right, so Pat from the future here. Uh, real quick, I just wanted to pop in here because I love the way he explains how he builds with cursor so much that I actually reached out to him after this interview and I asked him to put together a crash course on this exact framework that he just talked about. And oh man, he delivered. If you want to see the way that Alex builds with Cursor, watch over his shoulder and see how he builds an MVP from scratch the right way. I put a link in the description to that. It's free to watch and I think you're going to love it. This is one part of Starter Story Build, which I'd also love if you checked out. But anyways, let's get back to the video. So, this business is making $300,000 a year. How did you come up with this idea? Tell me about that. I think it's really simple. You know, for me, I just look for challenges I have. And as I talked about earlier, like I was putting my tweets in spreadsheets every night and reviewing my tweets so I can figure out what's working, what isn't. I'm like, "Okay, I'm going to build software that makes that process easier so I can automate reviewing my tweets, automate collecting my tweets." And odds are, if you have that challenge, someone probably has it as well. The worst case scenario if you build products that solve your own challenges is that you just make your life easier. So build software that solves those challenges and then share that out with your audience and eventually you're going to find other people that have those same challenges. On that topic of audience, let's talk about this launch. This launch where you launched it and immediately you were doing 100k ARR. Walk me through that story and tell me how you were able to pull that off. December of 2024, I basically say, "Okay, I want to beta test this. I want to get this in people's hands and get feedback." So, I put out a message. Hey, anyone subscribed to me on X, you can beta test Creator Buddy. You can just try it out. I got this in the hands of I think I had 150 beta testers. I met with each and every one of them to walk through how it worked and what they should be doing. And once I had it in people's hands, that's when I made the most improvements because I started seeing what people actually were using, what they were clicking on, where they were having challenges, where the bottlenecks were. I beta tested till the day before launch. So January 12th, I announced I'm launching on January 24th. I go live on spaces that day. I talk about creator buddy the entire day because I was sharing my journey for like the six seven months leading up to this day. I had hundreds of people ready to buy minute one of launch. We hit launch. I go for a 45minute walk. I come back to 10 trillion DMs and messages. Hey, this is broken. This doesn't work. Can you fix this? And I'd like to tell you that, you know, a successful launch day where I'm making 200K on day one uh was all roses and sunshine. But I think that's kind of what comes with the territory of launching on your own. Okay, real quick before we dive into how Alex grew his app to 300,000 ARR, I want to zoom out for 1 second. So, yes, you can build an app in a weekend. And you can launch fast, go viral, hit 100K ARR in hours, but things like slow payments, low limits, and no flexibility might be the thing that actually breaks your business. That's why we're partnering with Brex, the modern finance platform built to help startups spend smarter and move faster. Brex rebuilt cards and banking specifically for startups. You get up to 20 times higher card limits, built-in expense tracking and rewards that actually help you grow. And their banking product goes even deeper. High yield returns, sameday liquidity, and automated payments that save you time and protect your runway. One in three US startups use Brex and we worked with them to put together a free guide called the startup's guide to modern banking. Head to the first link in the description to download it. Thank you to Brex for supporting the channel. All right, let's get back to Alex's story. I can already read the YouTube comments right now as uh okay, this is not interesting to me. I don't have an audience. This guy was just able to do it because of his audience. What would you say about that? Yeah, of course. Of course, that's why I was able to make so much money is because I have an audience. But at the same time, I have an audience cuz I spent 3 years creating content, right? A big reason why I blew up on Twitter so much is I was able to quickly form opinions around the way the algorithm worked, the way the platform worked, and I was able to express those opinions quickly and people formed around that and built a community around that. And all I did was consistently make content for 3 years before I launched a product. Create content for a long time. Create YouTube videos, tweet, right? It took me 5 minutes a day to tweet. do that and then you can have an audience too and you can make money. So yes, an audience is a big reason why I made money, but anyone can have have an audience. I promise you. That's great. Let's change the topic a little bit here. Let's talk tech stack. What platforms, technologies, and software used to build and grow this business. Yeah. So I started off on Cursor. It felt like in October of last year, Cursor, it just felt like the IQ went down. And so I discovered a tool called Windsurf. I've been on Windsurf ever since. I use chat GP03 as my product manager to host the website. Uh I use Verscell because my app is built on Nex.js. $20 a month for that. Superbase for data. Superbase is extremely easy to use. $20 a month for Superbase. Other than that, I pay for the AI API. So I use Claude, I use Chad GBT, I use a couple others. And all in all together, I think I pay about $250 a month. My emails are done through resend, which is like an email API. I pay $5,000 a month for the X API, which not many people are willing to spend that much for that data. So, the costs altogether come out to about $5,300 a month. And on $25,000 a month of revenue, I think that puts it right around 80% margins, which are even with the insane Twitter API costs are pretty good. Wow. Nice. Okay. What has been like the key lesson you've learned through your journey? So, I think the biggest lesson I learned is just like the moment I I get a challenge, my mindset now needs to be for the first time ever, just figure it out. Instead of having that kind of gut instinct, which I think a lot of people have, it's, oh, I'm going to hire a landing page consultant. Oh, I'm going to hire a thumbnail consultant or I'm going to hire whatever. I'm just going to go to AI and just figure it out. And if you change your mindset to figure it out mode, you can do anything. You can have a oneperson business with absolutely no help whatsoever. And then two, now that anyone can build any software they want, knowledge and product is no longer the moat. The moat is your distribution. You know, how can I get as many eyes and attention on this as possible? Cuz that's going to be my moat. Someone goes out and builds Creator Buddy 2.0, the exact same app in 5 seconds, but they have 10 followers, I'm going to outsell them in circles, right? They're not even going to know about the other person's app. So, I always make sure no matter what I'm doing, I'm always putting my community first so that I can maintain that distribution so I can keep selling my product. That's great. This would be helpful for anyone who's working in tech like you used to. If you could go stand on Alex's shoulder when you were getting started, when you had the desire to build stuff, what would be your advice? The number one challenge I see is just they're not taking the action, right? They're doing a lot of overthinking. I don't know what app to build. I don't know what to tweet about. I don't know what to write about. The best way to solve all of those is to just do it. If you don't know what to build, just build something. If you don't know what to tweet about, just tweet anything. One of two things will happen. You'll either figure out what works or what doesn't work. So, you either tweet something and you'll get no likes. You're like, "Okay, that doesn't work. I can move on to the next thing." Or you'll build something and it won't work. Okay, I can build something else. Or you've discovered, "Okay, this does work. This is what the people want." So, even if you have a 9 to5, just find like 5 to 10 minutes a night to build something or create something. As long as you're taking action and you're building momentum, I promise you things will work out. All right. Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Alex, for coming on and I hope to see you come back at a million dollars. I can't wait. Hopefully, that'll be in two weeks. All right. I wanted to thank Alex again for coming on the channel. His story is amazing. He did this all in the last 6 months, which I think is really, really impressive. How fast he's moving and how he's using AI to build. If you didn't need it already, this is proof that AI is going to change the game. Alex is proof of this. I put a link in the description to starter story build along with Alex's crash course on how to build MVPs with cursor the right way. Otherwise, I'll see you guys in the next one. Thank you for watching. Peace. [Music]


===== VIDEO L_FY6aW9cJ4 =====
TITLE: How to Use AI to Find a $1M Idea [Reddit, Claude]
DURATION: 1468.0
TRANSCRIPT:
The human brain is not wired to come up with a good business idea. Ego, bias, and overthinking, it often gets in the way. So, what if you could outsource the whole process to AI? AI. Well, the models just haven't really been powerful enough for this, but it's about to change. And that's exactly what we're going to show you today because I brought in one of the smartest people in the space, Steph France. Today, we're going to walk through something called the gold mining framework. Six tools, five prompts, 45 minutes. We'll go from nothing to a potential million-dollar business idea and a complete landing page to go with it without writing a single line of code or copy. What's even cooler is you can follow along step by step and at the end of this video, you can have one, too. Watching this video will potentially change the way you think about ideas forever. So, let's go. I'm Pat Walls, and this is the Starter Story Playbook. Welcome Steph, welcome to the channel. I'm glad to have you on. So you're going to show off today your new framework that you haven't unveiled yet which is the gold mining framework. Could you walk us through that? Hi Pat. So I'm I'm really glad to be here at first. I'm Steph France. I qualify myself as a curious marketer and uh I'm I love the game of marketing and and looking forward to present this framework. So this is a landing page for a co-arenting app. The landing page was created only with this framework A to Z. And if you have some knowledge in marketing, you can see that this is a really good marketing copy. And this landing page was created in an hour. And before starting the process, I had absolutely no idea about any problem in this niche. And the cool thing is that it takes all the pain points, all the wording from the people in this industry and put them in the landing page. So it's it's literally telling the customer their pain point in their own language and on boarding. Okay. All right. Let's dive in. Steph, can we go over what is the first step of the framework? So the first step is to find a market to explore. The idea is to start with what you have some edge or what you are interested in within the three core markets which are health, wealth and relationship which are markets which for sure people are okay to spend money. So you are already reducing the risk. So let's take an example and we would only open the health market. Within this market, we have a lot a lot of categories and subcategories and niches and subniches and sub subniches. We can go very very deep in this market. But for now, let's say for example, you are you are really into stress management, but you think like okay, that's not enough. I want more stress management. Fine. In this case, we are going to use a prompt. It's the market idea expander. And the goal is that if you put a subniches, any subniche or subcategory, it will continue expand in the category you want to dig into. And this is a little trick. Markdown is a language that needs to be used as much as possible when we talk with LLM. So instead of just copy and past, it works as well, but it's really better if we copy as markdown. So we keep the structure of the prompt. The LLM we work with doesn't matter. You can pick the one you like. I tend to prefer working with clo for different reasons. The first is that I think it's the most human like LLM. Yeah. So the copyrightiting is good and it's there is more emotion in the copyrightiting. I always tend to go with cloud whenever I can and when I need something specific for example the 1 million token uh context window in the same conversation then I would go with Germany for example. But for the sake of this example, we won't go too far into the the size. So we will work with cloth. All right. So I simply copy the code and I just did CtrlV and then I have the prompt that is copied here. And that's fine if it looks like that. It's just that clothes reads the markdown this row. Now it says okay I'm I'm ready to help you. Just tell me which market do you want to go into. So we said to stress management and now we have at at first we have health and this is stress management and then now below stress management we have physical stress relief, massage therapy, breathing techniques, mental stress management and then within those we have meditation, guided meditation, mindfulness meditation. All those potential markets can be the market that you are going to explore. And now the decision is for you to first it's with what you like then it's what you have an edge on which means do you have knowledge do you have network do you have anything that can be uh at your advantage to go in this market or if you don't have any then just pick one that sounds good. Okay, so we talked about how to finding a market. Now, how do we validate that there's demand for this market or what do we do next? When we first pick a market, we we don't know if it's a good market to go in. And that's what the step two is all about. We use Google as well as a Chrome extension which is keyword everywhere to quickly find the volume of search and all related keywords that can orientate us until we find something that is interesting to go further to to dig deeper and then we look at the list that we have. For example, let's say Swedish massage. It's still a big one. And then I could find potentially another subniche by looking into the different program. What do we have? Best massage technique, massage therapy description, Swedish massage history. Okay, if I go down, I have Swedish massage near me. Okay, 20 20,000 search. This is a very interesting query. And then we use Google Trends which is one of the best tools to use when it comes to market research to know if we have a trending market or at least a stable market. And now we have switch message and we want to understand the difference between search term and topic. Topic will basically take all the related search term on Google and also in all different languages. So when you have a topic it's already like it's a big thing. Sometimes you only have search term but when you have topic you just use the topic and for this sake uh we can see that is the trending market actually it's not too bad there is some kind of uh going down and we can see that probably here in COVID where it was not crazy it's a well trend because usually when a trend has so much research you won't see those very big pike here you have them so I wouldn't say it's a solid trend because we can see it's up and down but it's a good trend. So we know for Swedish message it's a good one but it could be better. Now let's look at other ones. For example, if I go back to my tree core markets and I go to relationship here in family relationship we have parenting. Within parenting we obviously have a lot of things way more than that. But one that I have explored previously and that I found there is a lot of demand is co-arenting. And if I start digging into co-arenting, let's see what we have. So here we have 40,000 search. And if we dig into it a little bit more, we can see co-arenting app. That's interesting. Which means people are already aware that there are apps out there maybe or they're looking for it. Okay. Carenting concealing. So that means I have a problem. I'm looking for a solution. Co-parenting classes. Okay, I I need someone to help me. Those are very good signs. And now if I do the same and I use Google trend and here I have a topic again which is cool. This is a good solid trend. So there there are le less fluctuation and it's a growing trend. So here we are not talking about all the AI huge trend that goes up and down and the tool comes up and it dies 3 months after. Here we are talking about human needs. Yeah. Society changes that creates needs that are growing and growing and growing and those markets are big. So creating a business in the co-arenting niche it's totally viable. Doesn't mean that as long as soon as you are in the caparinting niche, you succeed. But at least it's definitely possible to find a problem and solve it in the coparing niche. Okay, so we validated the demand. Now what do we do next? We are now at the third step of the framework. We want to gather data. Now we need to find where are the people talking about their frustrations, their pain about co-arenting specifically and the best mind we actually have is Reddit. Why? Because Reddit is literally the place on the internet where the world is talking and the world is sharing their program because there is this anonymous kind of mindset and long conversation on Reddit that makes it a real gold mine when it comes to find customer pain points. So in the step three, we go on Google to find Reddit threads. But we will use a special special query with advanced search on Google to surface the Reddit threads where people are talking about their problem expressing their pain. So we go straight to the point straight where the important part is for us together. So I think I feel I was I have been uh I experienced all the the the words that that would filter someone that is experiencing or explaining or asking about a specific problem. It's not 100% right but it filters a lot of answer compared to what we could have only with the Reddit search. So I simply copy this one which you also have here within the document is the Google query. So you have market to explore. You just put your market here. Copy that and go on Google. And now this is the moment where we need to be careful and do the thing I mentioned earlier which is carefully say read and choose the right thread. In this case, we're not spending going to spend an hour reading, but I I would tend to always go into it and make sure that all the subreddit that I chose are relevant. For example, this one, we have 60 uh comments and it it was 5 months ago. This is co-parenting and this is from the subreddit co-arenting. So, we are right into what we are looking for here. How did you make your piece with co-arenting? Definitely about promps just when you think you have this whole co-arenting thing. Okay, 40 comments one months ago. I guess this one is probably interesting. Share the positive experience with co-arenting. Why not? If you don't have better, why not? Co-arenting. I was wrong. Okay. Here we have blended family for the subreddit struggling with current partners perspective on okay we are going to keep it short but you can go on and on. Now the next step is going to be extremely simple. We are going to copy and paste. So we simply open text block. I copy the the complete thread enter three dash just to say to the AI okay I'm having another thread putting that on side. Okay, next one. Let's go down right away and move up. Going back to my text block here. Past thread dash next thread. Sometimes it can be a lot of data. In this case, we just work with a few. But if you have like 20 re Reddit thread, good. All right. So now we got all of our data. We got all of our Reddit threads. What's next? All right. So the step four now we process the data. And for that we have three major prompts that we are going to use one after the other. The first one will extract all the pain points and refine them. So we have different categories and we have quotes from the people attached to the specific painoint. All right. So we just come to the Google doc copy as markdown and we go back to cloud new chat brand new chat and we simply copy here on cloud. You can just copy like that. Now I'm just grabbing my data and I'm passing here. same. So we have first the title, the designation of the painoint and then we have a small description. So parents feel pressure to maintain unrealistic friendly relationship with ex partners for the sh sake of their children often at the expense of their own boundaries or current relationship. And the cool thing is we have here quotes from the conversation that are related to this painoint here. For example, it's hard to cooperent with your abuser, which is a very good one. I find this type of post on death like I feel to share your coopering success, but don't make statement like try your absolute hardest to do this for the kids. We can see that those are deep conversation and they are all related to this specific pain point. And if we go down, we have navigating new relationship while co-arenting. So that's another set of problem. Then dealing with high conflict and neglectful exartners. probably another one emotional labor imbalance in blended families I don't know exactly okay parents feel their shoulder are unequal burden of emotional and practical labor labor in blended families especially when caring for stepchildren without reciprocal care of their biological children that's a more complic complex one but this is the kind of thing that you can only come up with when when you go deep into this kind of conversation So let's uh move on to the next one the market gap generator which will take all those pain points and a framework which includes new parading new technology differentiation basically how to find good business ideas in a saturated market which like every market is saturated. This is why it's trained on this framework. Now we copy everything. Ctrl+ A copy as markdown. Come back here and then paste and let it run. Now it's going to work from the framework before and come up with different business ideas. Here we have the different market segmentation framework is the the approach of finding business ideas and those three business ideas are within this framework. Okay. Solution one coarent ally conflict focus coarenting platform description a specialist platform platform designed specifically for high conflict coopering situation with built-in documentation tools communication filters I think this one is really interesting and third party imagation features that's a very interesting one now we have product differentiation framework so uh child- centered custod transition tool okay a specialized application focused solely on making children transition between household less traumatic with pre-transition preparation tool, emotional check-in and structural handoff protocols. Sounds pretty good. And then the last part is when we pick a business idea, which means it's just a simple choice. This is the one I'm interested in. We have the landing page prompt creator which will take all the learnings we have the business idea we want to create and we'll transform it in uh prompts that we are going in lovable to create our landing page. The last one is a little bit confusing because we have a prompt to create a prompt to finally create our landing page but it's only copy and past. Let's pick the one that uh talks to you the most and we simply highlight it and copy it. And now we are going to just tell Claude this is the one I want to go for. All right. And now we are going to pass the next prompt which is the landing page prompt creator. What is this prompt? Just before we go into it I I'm going to simply let it run and then I will explain. Now I just pass the prompt and run. So this prompt is basically as it's made from a research specifically on lovable the tool that allows to create apps very fast. this specific tool. The research went out there on the internet. Basically, CHPT went out there on the internet and looked for all the best practices to create tool to create prompts for loable as well as all the documentation about Loable. gathered everything and then from that I created a prompt that is made to take all the data that we have here in the in the context and create a new prompt specifically for lovable using all the best practices to prompt for loable. Okay, so we've processed all the data and we've come up with our master prompt. What's next? So now we have our prompt that normally if everything works we just put that into loable and we have our landing page. We're not going to read that one because it's it's made by AI for AI. So it's pretty boring but we are simply going to copy it and we go into lowable and then we start running. Whoa, look at that. Let's publish. All right. Transform custody transitions from tearful breakdowns to peaceful goodbyes for separated parents whose children struggle with household transition. Transition garden provides structured tools to reduce anxiety and create predictable child centered handhov without requiring perfect co-arenting relationship. Wow. Okay. We have the features child-friendly condom tool. Oh, nice. uh structure handoff protocol that minimize parent conflict during exchanges. Emotional check-in system designed by child psychologist. You have to execute on that, but it's a good feature. Documentation that helps identify and address transition patterns. Yeah. And we have even uh a nice FAQ. Do Bosar need to use transition garden for it to work? Uh what age? And we have a form. Wow. That's it. We have it. Yeah, we have it. That's amazing. I mean, there you guys have it. That is the gold mining framework. I really wanted to just get it from idea to landing page and see if we could do it. And we did. And I don't think there's any video or any lesson like this on YouTube currently. And it just blows my mind, you know, these AI tools and how this is going to change how, you know, how you can find ideas. But what would be the next steps for someone? Let's say they went through this whole process in turning this into a real idea. You mentioned maybe talking to some customers or something like that. So if I may push one of my YouTube videos, but uh I have a YouTube video that is actually exactly for that. What we just seen takes one big part of the whole process. But this video from 0 to one explains how you can think of using a quiz to create a waiting list asking the right question. Because even though you have the perfect landing page with the perfect copy for very specific program in a trendy market going from there to having the business having an app running is still a lot of work and and yeah cursor can do it fast but no it's still a lot of work and before you go into that you can if you are familiar with those tools then just build it and and try try it and and post everywhere and then if you have users it's fine you can go build first and and then see but if you are not Sure. And if it's a lot of time investment and if your time is reduced then I would always go by validating again. And for that I love to use quizzes. So you simply tell to people you show the page and then on the page there is a popup that says thank you for being for being here. The app is in development right now. We are a small team and we would love to have your take on uh on your current program. Would you mind answering a few questions? You ask a few questions and you say, "Do you want us to let you know when the app is out there?" And most people would say yes. And then you have a list. You can post everywhere about that and you grow your list. And and you you decide for yourself. You okay, when I have a 100 people on my waiting list, I'm building the app as fast as as I can. You build it. You launch it to the list via email the the way you prefer and and it starts. Perfect. Okay. All right. If you guys want to get access to this right now and you want to use this yourself, just click the first link in the description. We put it all in there and it's totally free. And thank you guys for watching. I hope you enjoyed this. Leave a comment if you'd like to have Steph come back on and share more business idea frameworks or even potentially some marketing and growth frameworks as well. So, thanks for coming on, Steph. That was awesome. I think this is going to change the world. All right, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I really think that this is just an amazing space to be right now building in AI and building with AI tools. And look, these AI coding tools are powerful, but they're not magic yet. It's still really early days. I know that this space can feel really overwhelming and it's moving really fast. So, it's important to have the right system and right framework to follow. So, shameless plug here, but we've been working on something for a while. If you watch this, you found an idea and you want to take action on that idea, well, I'm excited to announce Starter Story Build, which is our platform for learning AI tools and learning how to leverage AI tools to turn them into real ideas and real apps. Our flagship program is the AI app accelerator. This is way more than just a course or a video on how to build stuff. You get to walk away with a realworld app built completely with AI plus skills that might just change your life. Not only will you learn how to use these tools and build stuff you never thought possible, but this program will give you structure, accountability, and push you to actually take action, get it done, and ship. What's even cooler is we have office hours with AI coding experts to help you when you eventually get stuck, cuz everyone gets stuck. And there's a whole other cohort of people building alongside of you and building apps. So, if you're curious about actually building something and you want to surround yourself with other builders doing the same thing, then head to the first link in the description to see if the AI app accelerator might be worth it for you. All right, guys. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO jpSY4MlWX50 =====
TITLE: I Built an App with Cursor, Made $30K, and Quit My Job.
DURATION: 842.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I prompted my way to $30,000 without writing a single line of code. This guy made $30,000 from an app he built on his morning commute. How? Two tools, Cursor and Bolt. I think a lot of people make cool stuff with Bolt and Cursor nowadays, but they don't monetize it because they need In this video, we'll go over the wild story of how Polus just built, launched, and marketed a SAS product by himself and got traction in about 30 days. you probably have like a winning idea already that you could just prompt your way and start building. Why you should definitely tune into this video? Well, I had Polus share with me his exact process on screen of how he builds fast with AI tools, how he creates beautiful designs and how you can too. And how making money and marketing your app is as simple as a couple tweets. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Polus, to the channel. Thanks for coming on. Tell me, what's your story? My name is Polus and I used AI to build an app that made me 30K. It's an app that matches startups with influencers and I built and launched it 7 months ago. It's got over a,000 users at the moment with over 350 paid users. I used Bolt and Cursor to make it and I use Framer for design. I did it all myself without needing a team all in my daily commute. Nice. Cool. Before you made 30K with your app, tell me a little bit more about your background, your story as an entrepreneur. It started when I was 18 and I needed to make money to get my way through college and the only job that I could get was door to door sales and one day I ended up knocking on the wrong door and someone literally grabbed me and held a knife to my throat. After that, I just had enough and I wasn't really employable as a student. So, I dove into every side hustle that I could. So I did web design, I did copywriting, sales funnels. I became kind of like a generalist. It paid enough to get my way through university. When I was in university, I did computer game development. But funny story, I actually completely sucked at code. I was very visual and I just couldn't understand it. But now AI can actually code for you. And so the limitations that I had before are kind of removed. AI can do the heavy lifting in terms of code and kind of patch up the area where I'm not the best at. Nice. So tell me what got you into building online and and realizing that you could, you know, make money online. So I was going through kind of a rough patch because I tried all these different business models and I wasn't making enough money to break free from a 9 to5. I got really frustrated one day that none of the things that I did really got me where I wanted to be. So I was pursuing creatorled services and products just work with creators and the idea of a database came to my mind and I just started building it out because it's something I'd use myself and I figured with AI I could turn this into a fullyfledged SAS if enough people wanted it. So I really just gave it a spin as kind of like experiments and it did pretty good. So tell me what it felt like to finally launch and have this validated idea and have it make its first dollar. Tell me about that. So for months before launch, I was building this database. It was a lot of effort and I had no idea it would pay off. So when I launched my application, I remember I was sitting with my girlfriend and we were just having dinner. I pull up my phone. I just see sale after sale. I was like, "Okay, how long is this going to keep going for?" And that night got about like 20 or 30 different sales. So it was very nice feeling that just motivated me to just keep going and pursue this further cuz now I felt like that was a validation that this could be a real product. Okay. So can you share your step-by-step playbook on how you build MVPs with AI? If I'm a complete beginner, I would recommend everyone to use Perplexity. It's what I did. I just asked Perplexity because it has the most upto-ate information. So it has all the documentation, anything that you want to any tool, any library, just tell it you're a complete noob and absolutely don't know how to do anything and it'll give you really detailed step by step because it's deep research. It'll pull up a long document that you can reference and just follow along. The next step is I'd pull up Bolt and just take it one step at a time as well. So I would implement the first thing that Replexity says. So it could be like the dashboard, importing the project, cloning a GitHub repository if there is. Once I'm in there, I just keep prompting it and if there's errors, I just throw the error back at the AI. It fixes the error, go onto the next thing, and I use Bolt to a point where I get a nice looking MVP with the functionality. And then I take that, download the project, I put it into cursor. And here is where I hook up like superbase. So it writes all the scripts to connect the back end. and I get clerk off and that makes it very simple to plug and play the authentication. And this is all steps that perplexity can provide for you. So you can just ask questions along the way and it'll give you some solutions. Replexi is a great starting point. Bolt is a great way to make the MVP and then you move to cursor to dial in the details. So you're 80% of the way there and cursor will then just get you to the final finish line. have users authenticating. You have a backend with real data and with a bit of prompting and some scoring, it'll make it secure as well. Okay, Polus is proof that it's never been easier or faster to build an app in 2025. Tools like Cursor and GPT4 make it possible to go from idea to product in a weekend. But if you don't understand your customer or what they're searching for and how they describe their problems, then you're just building fast in the wrong direction. That's why we're excited to partner with Seamrush for this video. It's one of the best tools out there for figuring out what people actually want. You can plug in an idea and see what people are searching for, what's getting traffic, and where the gaps are. It's got 26 billion plus keywords across 140 countries. And yeah, most people think that it's just an SEO tool, but trust me, it's way more than that. You can use it to validate your idea before you build, find high intent keywords your competitors are ignoring, or even spin up landing pages that match what people are already looking for. I'm going to show you how you can find successful business ideas just like Polus is in Semrush with one search right now. Go to Seamrush and find their topic research tool. Search any topic or niche. Let's just do Tik Tok influencer since that's kind of similar to Polus' business, but you could literally just search anything. And I'm going to open some of the cards that look interesting like this one. Tik Tok influencer marketing. On here, you can see all the questions people are literally plugging into search engines. These are the real problems people have and are actively looking for a solution. I like this one because it's not a super high keyword difficulty and there's high volume of people searching for it. So maybe there's some lowhanging fruit in there. And look right here, Tik Tok influencer search platform. What's the best way to hire Tik Tok influencers? Polus' business can literally be tied back to a single page in Seamrush. And that's just crazy powerful if you ask me. Right now, they're offering a free 7-day trial to try out all 55 tools in the platform. Just head to the first link in the description if you want to try it out. All right, let's get back to it. We talked about the code building an MVP. Let's talk about one thing that I think is really cool about your stuff is how good it looks. How do you use AI to design amazing looking websites? It's really the simplest it can be. First thing I do is I pull up Framer and I pick a free template. So any template that you see on there that you like. It's simple enough and clean for you to edit. And then you just have to pick a nice font and a nice button. And then the rest just needs to be simple and clean. The most important part is just to get out. Focus on just editing the template really quick and just put it out there. Cool. Based on what you built and what you've learned working on lots of marketing stuff and also on your own, what do you think is like the most important thing to focus on when you're creating a good landing page and a good design? So, I focus 80% of my time on everything that's above the fold. We'd call this the hero section. This the first thing that people see when they open the website and has to have the your full message just out there and people really need to grab an understanding of what it is within the first couple seconds. Anything that you can save them time with, save them money. Anything that solves a painful problem, you should have in a headline and a subheading, and then just a big call to action. All right, so we talked about landing page design, which was awesome, but what about UI design? When you're building an app, how do you use AI to design UI and UX? When I'm building it out in cursor, you get the basic thing done and then you add some things to it. So, the more features you add, the more things you work on, it's got to stay clean. and it's got to stay cohesive and you got to make sense. So for everything UI related, I just ask it to make it clean, functional, and modern. And I try to have it use like shad CN components and they're all free. But when I have ideas and when you have ideas for how you want onboarding flow to be or some other elements of the app, what I would suggest is just creating something in Figma, you can doodle if you want. You just plug it into cursor and just explain the behavior that you want and then it'll spit out a nice looking page for you. All right. Well, thanks for sharing that. Let's dive into the marketing side of things cuz uh seems like X Twitter has really been working well for you. Tell me about that strategy. Show me a tweet that really took off for you and and let's talk about that. So, this post did the most in terms of numbers. It got close to 500k impressions. And I think the reason it worked is because I found an angle to attach it to trends happening in the space. A lot of people when they're building in public never go viral because they never join the bigger conversation and human attention span is limited. So it's 100 times easier to just bring your ideas to where the focus is already happening. So this post had you know nice simple visual demo has like real like raw human like reaction but most importantly it tapped into the main debate at the time which was is AI coding actually good enough to build a full SAS. Thanks for sharing that. I'd love if you just shared a little bit more about the bigger strategy here the bigger thing which is build in public. I love if you just talked about that from you know kind of strategy perspective or what you love about building in public and why it's worked for you. So for me what's worked is just shipping often. don't just have like one big video release like a lot of VC startups. So, for example, I tapped into the influencer conversation that was happening at the time. I saw Mark Lou posting a similar format. So, I figured I'd get some inspiration and then convert it into a post for Creator Hunter. What's not worked for me and what I see is there's been like a lot of competitors and copycats that come up, but they never really take off because either they're copying the exact same thing and people see right through that and you need an edge that no one can easily copy with AI tools nowadays. Nice. That's a good strategy. Okay, so now the exciting part. Let's talk about tech stack. What tools, languages, or whatever else you use to build this business? And if you don't mind me asking, what are the generally the costs to run this business? What kind of margins are we looking at? I use perplexity for the game plan, bold for the functional MVP, cursor for making it production ready. I use Versal which is free and then Superbase also free and then API for scraping. In terms of costs and margins, so it's about 90%. All right. So what I want to ask you is, you know, you you built a bunch of stuff and you finally seeing success with Creator Hunter. What have you learned during that process that surprised you? I'm getting a lot of questions as well about how I did it and people want the sauce on how to build stuff and build stuff fast. I think you can just start prompting and just prompt your way to making something and sell it. I think people underestimate the knowledge they already have. So like if you have like a deep domain knowledge, you probably have like tons of ideas already on what to build and you probably have like a winning idea already that you could just prompt your way and start building. I like that. Cool. All right. Now that you are working on this full-time, tell me what a day in the life looks like for you for now building Creator Hunter. Yeah, so it's a big change. More traveling and more work. When I was building out the MVP and was at the same time traveling to China, New York, France, and seeing revenue while you're out and about exploring is a nice feeling. It's a real blessing. But I've been working on it full-time on Creator Hunter since the 24th of December when I quit the job. So some days there's more hours that I put in this than my 9 to5. But I don't feel exhausted at all. Cool. I like that. Well, the last question that we asked anybody that comes on starter story is if you could give advice to young polus maybe a couple years ago. What would you tell them? I think never underestimate how much you can do solo. AI as your CTO is like a superpower. I I don't know how long this period of time will last, but we need to take advantage of it. Whatever ideas you have, you can probably execute it in a weekend. If you just figure out the most scrappy idea possible in the most scrappy way possible, you can get it out there. And then if you put a buy button on it, share it on Twitter in the most scrappy way or Tik Tok, I think you'll be surprised by the amount of people that actually want to get it. Well, that's great advice. Thanks for coming on, Polus. I love what you built. You're going to be a massive success. Keep building, keep going, and uh hopefully we'll see you back on the channel. Thank you. Thanks, Polus, for coming on. I think his story is amazing and it's proof that anybody right now can build anything with AI. I mean, he just got started. He built a bunch of stuff and throughout that process found the idea that would change everything. I see a lot of people waiting for the right time to start and just sitting on the sidelines while others like Polus are just getting started playing around with these tools, throwing at the wall and shipping stuff every week. If you got started right now and started playing with these tools and shipping stuff, imagine where you'd be in two weeks. Yes, it's early and not everything is perfect, but the early bird gets the bag. So, if you're serious about shipping, want to build something real and put it out into the world, check out Starter Story Build. I put the first link in the description. Let's build. Thanks for watching. I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO 0T55DRYqeeA =====
TITLE: From Zero to $42K/Month in 90 Days with AI
DURATION: 1136.0
TRANSCRIPT:
It took me 14 days to build codeguide.dev and within 90 days we've gone from 0 to 42K per month. This is CJ, a longtime member of Starter Story. And a few weeks ago, he sent me a DM that blew me away. In just 49 days, he took his app from 0 to $17,000 a month without spending a single dollar on marketing. But what's even crazier is he didn't even build the product until he knew it was validated. So I didn't build any product. I didn't have anything. I just had a glimpse of what a product can look like in a landing page and people were signing up from left and right. And that was the moment when I decided, okay, now I need to take this and create like a proper tool that solves this problem. Now I know what you're thinking. He's probably got a huge audience. But that's actually not true. It all started when CJ set out to build 12 startups in 12 months, which ultimately led him to an idea that would change his life forever. I brought CJ onto the channel to tell his story, and he shared everything, including a full breakdown of the tweet that broke his startup, how he got thousands of signups before writing any code, and the unexpected marketing strategy that's grown his business to over 500,000 in ARR. If you're building an AI, this is a mustwatch because this is what is actually working right now. So, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, CJ, thanks for coming on. Who are you and what's your story? So, my name is Sajila Mazafir and people on X know me by the name of CJZ. I'm the founder of Code Guide, an AI startup that helps AI developers write detailed documentation for AI coding models. So we launched on 24th of December and in just last 3 months we've grown code guide to 42k MRR with a community of more than 4,800 AI developers and we're projecting to cross around 90K this month. 0 to 42,000 MR in just a couple months is almost unheard of. So tell me about what is the core issue that your product solves and what made it grow so fast? So basically code guide fixes a core problem in AI coding which is AI coding models are not ready yet. They hallucinate, they assume things. So I just tried to say fix just one problem which is AI hallucinations by building a knowledge base around the user's idea. Our core users are pretty much beginners to Sammy developers and they can attach this knowledge base to these AI coding tools. So you can say code guide is just a bridge between two parties and that's why it is growing really fast because I'm not reinventing my own audience. I'm just utilizing the AI coding tools audience and we're just making the AI coding workflow better. I mean that growth is just amazing and I think that there's something there. The opportunity around building around AI and building around AI apps. Why is AI coding such a big opportunity right now? So, English is the most prominent coding language right now and that was not possible before 2024. But now, if you know English, you can literally code with AI. AI is writing 25% of Google's code. Cursor AI, which is just the top AI coding tool that is one of the fastest growing company right now. So if you learn how AI works, how to prompt AI, you can actually build a really profitable application right now that you can deploy online and make money from it. And people are doing that. You don't need to learn code. You just learn how to talk to this AI and AI can execute code and build you the applications. What I think is it's amazing what you built and I know that you were a member of Starter Story for some time. I'd love if you could just briefly break down your backstory and how you got into building online. Uh I moved to Canada in 2018 and I did my first 9 to5 and that was like a horrible experience for me. I knew like I can't do any 9 to5. So I went back to the drawing board and stick to my basics which is like just build stuff, just do something. And I built a lot of agencies, built a lot of software products, SAS products, you name it. And then in 2022, I was actually writing a lot of tweets about AI prompting and I knew that AI coding is actually blowing up uh at the back end and people are not noticing it. So I wanted to force myself to actually learn the craft, build and code with AI coding tools for like 10 to 12 hours per day. And I just, you know, publicly announced that I'll be doing 12 startups. And I ended up building 11 products of my own. Unfortunately, 10 collapsed. They didn't perform well, but one of them grew really fast, which is code guide. And then in the end, you know, it was just like an overnight success after like all these seven years. And that's why I'm super stoked. I'm working 9 to 10 hours every single day just to make this product better, just to make it the best product out there for AI coders. So, you built a bunch of stuff, but let's talk about how you found the idea that really kind of changed your life, right? How did you actually find this idea? I was just trying to solve my own problem with code guide. Actually, like I said, I was running an MVP agency and for each project, I had to chat with chat GPT for like 9 to 10 hours to create all these technical documentations to create a knowledge base that I can attach to these uh AI coding tools. So, I turned my uh prompts into like a sequence using make.com and I literally saved seven hours out of those nine hours and that was magical for me. And then I created a landing page in like 30 minutes using Bolt and within 2 weeks we got 1,800 weight list uh signups. Nice. That's great. I would just love to hear a little bit more about your process for validating an idea. How did you know code guide was validated? Yes. So, Twitter is actually a really great platform to launch products. All you need to do is just share your screen, create a simple uh screen recording demo, and you just post it and this type of content usually goes viral. So, in this tweet, I'm just talking about like what is my ideal cursor workflow. I just tweeted that out and I was just mind blown that how many people were actually struggling with hallucination problem with AI. And then I just turned this thing into a landing page in like 20 minutes. the max using bolt and actual validation for me was when people starting to sign up. So I got more than 1,800 weight list emails in like two weeks. That was the first stage of validation for me that people actually want this uh solution. And then uh I was just talking to all the beta users. I I was trying to DM them. every single one that was commenting me just to asking them uh either they are using some other flow to remove or fix the AI hallucinations and nobody was actually tackling in a better way than what we were trying to do. So that was the second stage of validation and then that was the moment when I decided okay now I need to take this and you know put all my effort into it and create like a proper tool that solves this problem. I want to change the subject a little bit to building I want to know how you actually built this. So, could you walk through your step-by-step process for how you went from idea to actual launched app? Sure. So, when I tweeted that and we got like 400 retweets and I got like 300 signups, that was a different feeling for me and I knew like okay I am up to something. So what I did was I just sat for next you know 10 to 12 hours just documenting what can be the best UI and how I can take this thing to the production stage and then spent like next 3 days just to design the proper front end so I can visualize it. Once I did that I realized I can't do it myself because I have to launch it fast. So I just reached out to my friend and I said hey I'll take care of the front end and the marketing side. can you do the back end and just the customer service and he was very stoked about this idea because we were coding uh with AI for all these uh months. So now he tesares of the back end still we're just team of two and I take care of the front end. So it took us just two weeks to uh actually from that's just a raw UI to have a proper responsive web app launched for our users and we got uh 100 users the first day of launch. That was on 24th of December 2024. I just love CJ's story because it's proof that sometimes it's just about being in the right space at the right time. You got to try a lot of things, but when you finally find something that works, you're ready. And I really think that space right now is building in AI. Look, these AI coding tools are powerful, but they're still not magic yet. It's still really early days and the space can feel overwhelming if you don't have the right system or framework to follow. So, shameless plug here, but we've been working on something for a while. It's called Starter Story Build, our platform for learning everything AI tools in Vibe Coding. Our flagship program is the AI app accelerator where in about two weeks without knowing how to code, you'll ideulate, build, and launch a real life production app using all AI tools. Just like CJ, we've been running this program for a while behind the scenes. And every day, I'm blown away by the stuff being built in there and just how fast things are moving. But this is way more than something you could get in a course because you walk away with a real world app completely built with AI plus skills that might just change your life. Not only will you learn how to use these tools and to build stuff you never thought possible, but the program will also give you structure, accountability, and push you to actually take action, get it done, and ship it. What's even cooler is that we have office hours with AI coding experts to help you when you get stuck and a whole cohort of other people building alongside you. So, if you're curious about building an app like CJ and you want to surround yourself with other builders in AI, then head to the first link in the description to see if the AI app accelerator might be worth it for you. But we're keeping it small right now because we're focused on quality. So, please make sure to head to that first link, put your email in if you want to save your spot. Now, let's get back to CJ. Okay, so you launched it. This kind of tweet thread blew up. Let's go deeper into the marketing. What's been working for you to market your SAS and grow the SAS since then? If I have to go all over again, I would do this playbook which is content audience fit approach. You need to talk to users. What is the core problem and how you can fix it? I would literally go push content for next 14 days, warm up my audience and then from there I pick up what are their main core pain points and for those pain point what is the major one and then I just build a product that fix just one problem and then I push that product to that core group that gave me my initial users and from their own words I would just double down on the content that works and I will find more people like the core audience and that's how you can grow and I coined this term called tutorial marketing. And what I do every single day is I just write a tutorial in the form of thread or long form tweet. And what I do is I write four threads per week and three long form posts. I just pick one topic, write a draft and then the next day I just edit that draft with clear mind. Then I design assets using Canva and Figma. So in this tutorial, same playbook. uh in the hook you actually talk about the problem and then you show them the exact blueprint what's the ideal solution and then you position your SAS in between just a part of the solution that type of content actually performs really well because that's bookmarkable content and sharable content if your content is bookmarked algorithm is in your side and people love that and you build credibility and trust so that's how my turn rate is super low right now and we're growing at massive pace Nice. You're posting on Twitter, you're getting lots of attention, but how do you actually convert that into users and then to paying customers? Sure. My funnel is super simple. You just write content every single day and push that audience or traffic to your weight list landing page and you collect those emails because from those emails you will get your first 100 customers because they already know that this is the pain that they want to solve and they also trust you and that's why they gave you your email address. Cool. Okay. So, can you just explain your business model and your pricing? Sure. So, our business model is pretty straightforward. We're not doing any trials because we're using top-of-the-line AI models and AI models right now are not cheap. So, we're using a mixture of models to create these well structured documentation. Uh users can literally go to our landing page. They can sign up either for monthly membership which is right now at $29 that will be $39 to $49 in next 6 months. And we're also doing a heavy 40% uh discount on yearly membership which also comes with different perks like we have official partnership with cursor AI uh vinsurf bolt loable and all the top EI coding tools. Cool. Okay. Tell me about the tools, languages and everything you use to build and run this business. So for a code guide, I use those texts that are basically favored by AI coding models. So the for the front end we're using Nex.js and for cloud we use it to design our UI components that using 3.7 model and that costs $20. For cursor basically this is our main IDE where we code all our stuff uh that cost us $20. Windsurf is another AI IDE that we use $15 a month. Superbase all our backend is postgrql superbase so $25 a month and that covers our database and storage. Uh, Versell is where we deploy all our apps. So, $48 a month. Hatchner is basically our cloud storage server. It costs us $25. The biggest bill is OpenAI API which is $2,800. Then we also use Cloud API and that costs us $300 plus. Gemini Flash API is free right now. Clerk Dev is for user authentication. That's a very good tool. Then we use ConvertKit to send emails to our users. that cost us $45 a month. So, all in all, cost is around like $3,500 per month. And obviously, we're not doing any paid marketing yet. Uh we're doing everything organically from user acquisition to converting them uh into a paid user. Everything is organic. All my traffic is coming from X. So, that's why the margins are are higher. Let's move on to a little bit of personal stuff. So, uh you live in uh Vancouver, you mentioned um and now you got the successful startup. Tell me what a day in the life is like for CJ. Sure. Um, so I wake up super early, like 5:00 a.m. and I just take a shower, go for prayer, and start my 2 hours of deep work session just like you. Um, then I just go for a walk and start my second session which involves research, coding, writing content. Uh, then I take networking calls in the afternoon and then in the evening I listen to my favorite podcast, read a book for 10 minutes and then write my schedule for the next day. So, super simple, no fancy routines, but that I I'm sticking with this routine for the last one year now. One thing I think is cool is that the reason why we're talking right now is that you actually sent me a message inside the Starter Story community. You've been a member of Starter Story for some time and when I saw your message, I was just like so impressed with what you built. But I'd just love to hear about your experience joining Starter Story and how it helped you uh get to this place where you now have this successful startup. Sure. Um, and I'm not promoting Starter Story. I actually got really good value out of starter story. There's a lot of valuable case studies which I used actually to learn a lot about marketing myself like how this guy actually created this idea, what was his flow and then how he ended up you know got like paying users. So I read like more than 100 plus uh you know case studies there. So starter story is like a huge asset for me personally and then when I reach somewhere you were the first guy that I reached out to on on Slack that this is what I built this is what we're trying to do just asking for different suggestions or advice from you and then yeah here we are right now. Cool man that's awesome. Well really the last question that I want to ask you is you know AI right now is really overwhelming. you know, things are changing so fast. You managed to find a way to make it work and you're already thinking ahead about the next thing. What advice would you have for someone watching this who wants to get into AI and building ideas and shipping ideas in the crazy world of AI? Sure. Uh, I think we are living in the best time to build software or any sort of product online. All you need to do is just make yourself AI native. The first step can be just go on chat GPT and have a chat with this AI and you will know like how amazing this thing is. Next step can be you can literally go have a voicetooice conversation just brainstorm just uh improve a skill set with that so you understand like okay this is not a bubble this is not a trend this is actually a lot bigger than that and from there onwards uh you can just start coding. English is the hottest programming language right now. So all you need to do is use AI for research about the market, then write code, then write content, and then distribute the product. So every single thing or every piece of the puzzle is just right there for you. All you need to do is create your own canvas. All right. Well, that's the best advice I've heard all month. Thanks for coming on, CJ. It was it was just so cool to see and enjoyed having you. Thanks, Pat. Thanks for having me. Love the conversation. So I want to thank CJ for coming on. And when I look at his story, I want to say that CJ had some formula for success, but I just don't think that's the case. He just got started, shipped a bunch of stuff, and while doing that, he eventually kind of stumbled into an idea that changed his life. I see a lot of people waiting, waiting for the right time to start and sitting on the sidelines. And then I see others who are just getting started, playing around with these tools, and shipping stuff every week. If you got started today, imagine where you'd be in 2 weeks. What's crazy about these AI tools is basically you can build anything you want without having to be an engineer or knowing how to code. Yes, it's early and not everything is perfect, but the early bird gets the bag. So, if you're serious about building something, just click the first link in the description and let's build. All right, I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO tMkpiFIW8Xg =====
TITLE: My Coding Game Makes $1M Per Month
DURATION: 1036.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built an online learning platform for software engineers to almost $1 million in monthly revenue, sitting usually around 30k a day at the moment. How does this guy make a million dollars a month when he has hundreds of competitors in a saturated market and a lot of that growth is due to something I call the purple how strategy. Lane is a software engineer who decided to start a side project called boot.dev. He started to make a little money until one day he came across a marketing channel that would explode his business. The big shift was going from just blogging to starting with. I sat down with Lane for a couple hours to learn about his story and figure out what it really takes to build an 8 figureure business as a developer. And good news is he shared everything including why you should never copy someone else's business idea, what most people get wrong about MVPs, and a full breakdown of his revenue costs and everything you want to know about his million-doll per month business. Now, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Lane. Welcome to the channel. Tell me a little about who you are and what you built. Yeah, my name is Lane Wagner. I'm the founder of boot.dev. It's an online learning platform for software engineers and it's very interactive. That's kind of the defining unique trait of it. Really, we're just trying to get you doing as close to what you would be doing in the real world as a software engineer. So, we're trying to like unsandbox the experience and have you go through the courses like you would in the real world. And we're making almost a million dollars a month at the moment. Can you give me a further breakdown of how this works as a business? What's the business model here? So, it's a coding first platform where you write a ton of code both on your local machine and in the browser. And all of our content is free. There's about 30 courses, but you lose interactivity after a certain point if you're not a paying member. And we're currently sitting at 25,332 active paying members. You built this website to almost a million dollars a month. There's a lot of coding courses and a lot of stuff out there. What did you do differently? What is your secret ingredient for this business? In this market, online learning, you've got to differentiate pretty hard because there's a lot of competition in the space. We kind of had different differentiators along the way as we grew the business over the last four years. The first was a content differentiation. So, we're serving this market of people that want to learn back-end technologies and just aren't finding the resources because front-end is so dominant in the online learning space. The next differentiator was you should make your thing feel totally different, totally unique. And I I really was inspired by Seth Goden's book, The Purple Cow. Fantastic marketing book. But the basic idea is when someone lands on your site, as a new entrepreneur, it can be really tempting to go look at a bunch of competitors websites and like, "Oh man, they're so beautiful. They're so well-designed. I should make my website look like theirs." Absolutely. You should not do that. Let's go back. Let's uh if you can give me a little bit of a timeline of what it looked like uh how you came up with the idea for this and you know what were you were doing before you were running this huge business. Yeah. So I was making about 200k total comp at the time leading just a small team of three at that time. I've always wanted to build a business. I've always wanted to get out of the the 9 to5 employee work. The business bootdev had just started making about $2,000 a month. So multiply that by 12, it's like 24K, right? And then take into account any expenses, like you're basically not making any money. So I'm talking with my wife about this. I'm like, you know, it's it's making 2K a month. Like that's that's not so bad. And and I really like it. And I feel like if I put more time into it, we could grow this thing. She was incredibly nervous about that idea cuz obviously I'm earning 200K a month. We've got our second child on the way. She did not like the risk. Frankly, I didn't even really like the idea of taking that much risk. So, as it happens, uh the CFO at the company I was working at went to go work with an ex CEO of mine, so a mutual friend, and I went and pitched him and his partner on the idea of investing in boot. And so, he gave me the angel funding. It was 330K, but it gave me enough of like assurance that okay, we could at least have a couple years of runway to try this new business. Okay, let's talk about ideas. How did you find this idea? Yeah. So, I was a back-end engineering manager and the impetus for the whole thing was I was trying to hire Go developers. This is back in 2020. I was having a hard time. Like, I'd open up, you know, a job position and I'd get like five, six, seven people applying for the job. And so, it really just seemed to be that people getting into coding were gravitating towards the front end side and almost being pushed to the frontend side by online learning platforms. So it just seemed to me like there's this huge vacuum in the market where if you wanted to learn back-end stuff, you want to learn databases, infrastructure, it's very hard to do it online. All right, let's talk about building. As a developer, how did you take this idea from 0 to one? So you should have a very good idea of who you're building for and what problem you're solving and you should just solve that problem, but you should solve it really [ __ ] well because if you don't have a great solution, you're not going to break into the space. But you should tightly scope what you're building. I see this mistake all the time, too. The idea of just packing on new features, solving different problems. You should only be listening to what problems your customers have, and then you should be filtering out any problems from customers that aren't exactly the type of customer that you want to serve. In my opinion, the most dangerous thing you can do is try to serve multiple customer personas. What's your take on building MVPs? So I think a lot of people even I mean myself as I launched bootdev think about this incorrectly. MVP doesn't mean shitty product and it can't mean that. If it does mean that for you your product is going to flop pretty hard. You should shoot for minimum quantity not minimum quality. Okay. So before we get into gross there's one thing that I wanted to ask you cuz I was looking at the notes and I noticed that you use Postthog for analytics the software tool Post Hog. And I just think that's super cool that both of us use this tool, love this tool, but I just want to hear specifically how you use Post Hog and how it helps grow your business. Post Hog is great. I was super happy when we switched over cuz I was using a different like product analytics tool. We realized that like Post Hog is way cheaper. Post Hog's feature set is way more expensive. So integrating with Post Hog was super easy, right? Their pricing model makes sense from a like data usage standpoint. And to me, the biggest thing was that Postthog feels like it's run by developers who know marketing, not non-technical marketers. Anyways, yeah, I I I highly recommend Post Hog for product analytics. Man, I I completely agree. Uh Post Hog is today's sponsor, and I'm just going to go on their website real quick. This is Post Hog. And by the way, how freaking cool is their website? They got this crazy dinosaur shooting flames right here. But uh for anyone that's launching anything and wants to track how their customers are using their product, you can install Post Hog on your site with one line of code and they have a very generous free plan. So it's free to start. And once it it's installed, you'll have really good product analytics, web analytics, session replay where you can see what people are actually doing on your website or in your product. They have AB testing, they got surveys, and they got more. Uh one of my personal favorite features is the AB testing. And I'm going to show you an AB test for starter story right now in Post Hog. And this AB test increased our conversion rate by over 300%. You can see it right there. That's an insane number. And what I think is even cooler is that you can track the entire funnel of how this AB test affects the entire conversion flow. And you can see that right here. AB tests like these are super important to our business. And there's really just not like another tool that really can do it this well. So if you want to install Post Hog, just click the first link in the description. You can install it for free. Just please let them know that you came from Starter Story. All right, back to the video. Let's get into how Lane grew this business. Marketing and distribution. Uh, how did you get users to boot.dev and how did you grow this business? So, from zero to about 2K a month, we really grew from my blog. It was great for finding people that were really interested in the product and we did a ton of product development over those first year to 12 months. But then we weren't growing, right? We were like, we started to feel a lot more confident in what we were building, but we we just weren't getting enough people in the door for it to make sense as a business. And what we quickly found was that trust building, especially in the education space, is extremely important. So, working with influencers was like a cheat code because the influencers are already trusted by their audience. So, if you can get an influencer to try your thing and like it, you kind of unlock a new little section of the market because now their followers will will naturally trust you a lot more. So then from 10K to 30K, we really grew a lot off the back of these free code camp collabs, which was basically me recording an 8hour course, giving it to Free Code Camp for free so they can publish on their YouTube channel and us getting some exposure through that. So going from 30K up to where we're at now, which is almost a million a month. We had to scale what we were doing. Like I wasn't going to be able to create all this video content that was going to drive that amount of traffic. YouTube integrations, YouTube marketing, we've been able to scale that with other creators. And the unique kind of cheat code that we have as Bootdev is that we have such strong affinity with gaming audience. So, we've actually done most of our YouTube influencer marketing to gaming audiences rather than coding audiences. Yeah. Um, if you had advice for someone to go do their first influencer collab, what would be like a couple bullet points on that? So, the most important thing is finding the right several influencers to test with. And the easiest way to find the right ones is to talk to your existing customers. Hopefully, you have some. Go ask them who they watch, right? Who they listen to. This has been the best way for us to source new influencers to work with. Also, if you're going to work with influencers, there's one giant exploit that you can take advantage of that doesn't work in most other channels, which is if you're incredibly easy to work with and you do a lot of work for the influencer, you can get better deals. If you can shoot your own B-roll for the influencer, there's a lot more room for arbitrage when doing one-off deals with influencers. Do everything you can to make their life as easy as possible. Let's talk about product. We could talk about growth channels all day, but nothing's going to work unless you have a truly great product that people love. So, tell me what you think about that. I think the right way to think about where you should be spending your time, whether it's on the product or marketing, assuming you know you're a small team, is that the product is the thing that really is non-negotiable. You need the product to be good and you need to have confidence in the product before you spend a lot of time and money marketing the product. There's a minimal amount of marketing you do need to do to get some initial users to get product feedback. But in that first, you know, pre-product market fit cycle. All your focus should be on the product and making the product solve the very specific problem for very specific person that you're trying to get it to solve. That's great. Let's talk about uh monetization. Um what I think is cool about your site is that you kind of give away your stuff for free and then you charge a small percentage of people who want that extra feature. Can you walk through how your business is monetized and what the uh customer journey typically looks like? It was really kind of an experiment at first of like could we just like make all the content free and you lose interactivity after a certain point if you're not a paying member. It worked and I think the right business takeaway was let people really understand the product before we ask them to pay for it. It was resonating enough with them. So that's again comes back to the like you do need to spend all this time iterating on the product and making sure that you're actually solving the problem and you need to be able to convince people that your product solves the problem before the purchasing decision happens which just so happens in our case to be a longer free trial or free demo of the interactive features. Well, that's cool. And that brings me to my next topic, which is if you could just break down what kind of tools and languages you use to build bootdev and also what tools you use to run the business. So for the tech nerds out there, it is a fully customuilt web app. So we use Golang on the back end, Postgress is our database. We host everything on Google Cloud um and Cloudflare. We use Kubernetes, Docker, Vue, Nux, JavaScript, TypeScript. Again, very very custom tech stack. For the marketing nerds out there, of course, we use Post Hog for all of our product analytics and we use Send Grid for all of our email stuff. We use their email API and using both together has I mean it eliminates another bill, but it also just makes integration easier. And then for the fintech nerds, we're just using Stripe. Stripe is great. I can't imagine using anything else at this point. On that same topic, these tools cost money. I'd love to get a little bit more details on the actual costs of this business. Not just the tools, but just the cost as a whole. What do the costs and margins look like for bootdev? So our total revenue for 2024 was $5.7 million. The cost of goods sold on that revenue was only 300k. So we spent around $6 to $700,000 last year on salaries and like full-time contractors. And then the bulk of our expenses were marketing expenses. We spent almost $2 million on marketing, leaving us an actual profit at the end of the year of around $2.5 million. Cool. All right. Well, that kind of ends the technical section of the interview. Um, I'd just love to hear a little bit more about your personal life or just your regular life. Uh, what what is a day in the life look like for you? You work from an office or you working from home or what does that look like? I've been working from home since the pandemic. So, most days I have one meeting. And when I say meeting, I actually often mean something like this. Like something on my calendar where I'm hopping, you know, on a call with somebody. Maybe we're recording a podcast. Maybe we're recording something for YouTube. And the rest of my time I'm spending writing courses. Like, and it really is that simple. I I I wake up, I get my coffee, I start writing courses. Later in the day, I have a meeting. Maybe it's an internal one. I honestly only have like three of those a week these days. Maybe it's an external one like this video. And then I'm back to writing courses or, you know, doing product design type work. maybe working on a new ad that we're running at some point during the day. Taking my kids to the gym. I've got I've got a two-year-old and a four-year-old. Third one on the way next month. So, writing courses and trying to spend time uh you know with the kids and family. Nice. Nice. So, yeah, working on the product exactly where you should be. Last question that I have for you is you know for anyone watching this going to be a lot of people, a lot of developers watching this. Uh what advice would you have to, you know, someone who does want to start a business like you? If you could stand on Lane's shoulder when you're just starting out, uh what would be your advice? There's really two mistakes I see people making. The first one, I think, is to think about your business education as a content consumption phase and then an action phase. Um and I think, you know, through traditional education, we're kind of taught to think this way, right? I go to college for four years and then I do stuff. I think that's absolutely the wrong way to approach business. The biggest the biggest mistake is not taking action early, not starting a side project. And the second biggest mistake I think is just focusing on kind of general content consumption about business and not digging into something really hard and specific. I think a lot of founders get way ahead of themselves thinking like, I'm going to be the CEO. I'm the [ __ ] idea guy, right? I'm going to delegate everything. I'm going to hire that salesperson, hire that marketer, hire that developer. But omitting the hard skills is a big mistake. It's important. Yeah. If you're a developer, it may be, you know, really important to go and learn that marketing thing. Or if you're a marketer, it may be really important to go and learn that developer thing depending on your business. So, I think that's that's great advice. All right, Lane, thank you for coming on. The business you built is amazing. Million dollars a month is just so impressive. It's just so cool. Thanks so much for having me on, man. Okay, so Lane is the perfect example of how a solo developer can turn a side project into thousands of dollars while still keeping his 9 to5. But that comes with knowing the right information and finding the right problem that's worth solving. Now imagine there is a place that gave you this problems to solve, blueprints for building different businesses, and the marketing strategies that turn side projects like lanes into milliondoll life-changing online businesses. At Starter Story, we have a library of over 4,000 case studies, business idea breakdowns, and a ton of other stuff where you can learn this. And it's all backed by data by real entrepreneurs just like Lane. Right here, I'm looking at Lane's case study right now. We interviewed him a long time ago when his business was just doing a few thousand bucks a month. I just think it's so cool that we were able to talk to Lane while he was still doing this as a side project. This is the type of stuff that you'll get inside Starter Story. So, if you're serious about building a profitable side project like Lane, head to that link in the description and you'll be able to download 52 micro SASS ideas for free and get started on your own journey of building something that might change your life. All right, guys. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.
