# starter — batch 5 (28 videos)


===== VIDEO PSx0vcUY-sk =====
TITLE: I Got Rejected From YC, Then Built a $200M Startup
DURATION: 904.0
TRANSCRIPT:
All right, Saba, what's your story? Meet Saba. I grew up in the middle of nowhere. I was always like relatively entrepreneurial, but never had any major direction. The self-made entrepreneur who transformed no money, no validation, no funding into a multi-million dollar success story. If other people have done it, why are they so special? Why can't we do it? In 2018 with his co-founder Tim, they spotted an opportunity to start an online business. Nothing but pure hustling got the ember started. It was just brute force. When he and Tim launched their video startup V, they bet everything. No money, no validation, no funding, kicked out of your office. Your interns quit. This is a journey of persistence and brute force. We had no more money in our bank accounts, not being able to afford the train. So yeah, it was a pretty dark place. Would not go there again. Chasing your own dreams. Ask yourself this. If you knew how hard it would be, would you do it? This is the story of how Saba Kenned turned rejection into 10, 20, 30, 40 million in revenue. [Laughter] Welcome to Starter Story. I grew up in the middle of nowhere and I was one of those people because I lived in the middle of nowhere who just spent a lot of time on the internet. Everything I read about technology was like super exciting and through getting a cracked version of Photoshop, I decided to learn how to make graphics and images. I thought that was quite a lot of fun. So that kind of led me into going to college and then university to study design. After I graduated from university, I yeah, I got a job like you're you're told to. Uh and in my first week at the job, I wanted to quit and actually just do my own thing. I didn't want to be on the treadmill. I didn't want to have a job. I didn't want to have a normal, you know, semi- detached house in the suburbs. I wanted to just like do what I wanted to do. I wanted to own my own time. And I felt like starting the company was probably the only way to actually do that. And then I read in a free newspaper, the app Candy Crush made a million pounds a day. And I was like, I think I could make an app. I met my co-founder Tim a year after university through this like global hackathon thing. We met online, met up for a coffee, decided to work on some stuff. I don't know, like when you're young, you want to build something. The first thing you need to work out how to do is actually are we capable of putting something together. And I know that might sound silly, but like the first thing you've got to do is actually go through the cycle once of, hey, we bought a domain. Cool. We now to make a back end, great. We know how to make a landing page. Perfect. So, I think like a lot of the early tries that we had around like different ideas was just can we get something up and running? We'd worked on projects for two or three years together. A lot of those early ideas failed, but I was just really all in and I was like, we're going to make it work. The early days were really simple. It was like me and him in a co-working space at his university being like, cool, we know we want to make something in video because we're both really passionate about that space and we and we see like the early signs of it becoming really interesting. And the idea was like super simple, like you know, video editing, I've done it for years. I'm a really like technical person, but I find it quite hard. Can we like build basic video editing tools in the browser? Like super basic. And I was like really inspired by Gy's GIF editor. It was just like upload a video, add text, trim it, done. I was like, can we do something similar like that for video? That was kind of like the initial idea. We just thought that if other people have done it, why are they so special? Why can't we do it? And yeah, we went all in. We probably had about enough runway for a year. We literally made like no progress. So, I'd normally wake up at 6:00 in the morning, uh, get on my bike, head to the office at 6:30, get there for about 7, and again, just to let you know how frugal we were. When I say office, I mean co-working space. And when I mean co-working space, I mean me and Tim shared the entry card. And then yeah, we'd do that until what, 7, 8 at night, go to the gym, cycle on the bike furiously for an hour, come back, work again, and then try and pick up some discount food on the way home because uh cuz it was late all the, you know, you get half price in different places in London. So I'd do that and then go to sleep and do it again. Rinse and repeat. We were using this like crisp chat and I remember email them being like, "Hey guys, we can't afford 100 bucks a month. Can you do less?" They're like, "Yeah, yeah, 20 $20 a month, fine." So like everything we would like nickel and dime every single purchase um to just keep operating expenses as low as possible. We ended up in this like VC's office working and those VCs then kicked us out of their office. So we're now like officeless. The interns that we hired both quit on the same day and we were like stuck. We tried to get funding and we got rejected like many many many times and we both had crypto fortunately and we had to sell it to keep the company going. Right. two years of no money, no validation, nothing, no funding, kicked out of your office, your interns quit. It felt like it all unraveled. It was like a really, really tough time. Even like going to see friends for their birthdays, not being able to afford the train, all commuting around the city was on a bike. Lunch every day was like pre-made. I couldn't go out and see friends on Friday because they'd want to go for dinner or go for drinks, and I couldn't afford that. Just totally scraping by. And everyone at the same time is, you know, progress, you know, they're in their late 20s, they're progressing in their careers, they're buying houses, and there's me who's just like emptied my bank account. So, we both now have jobs at this point. And that was nice because, you know, finally I can like, you know, do normal things with normal people again and visit my friends and go for dinner. But at the same time, we still even at that point took half of our salaries every month religiously, put it back into the company account and then used that money to hire two other engineers who would build for us who yeah really helped us build the company today. And over the next like 8 9 months, things started to really take off. We went from like zero users to 30,000 monthly users in like 9 months. We've got some money saved up now. We've got users. They're not paying, but maybe maybe we're on to something. Hey there, this is Pat. I'm the creator of this channel, and I'm actually working on this video right now. What happens next to these guys is actually what inspired me to create this video, and it has to do with them getting rejected on a really big stage. What also inspires me is the sponsor of this video, Post Talk. But hold on, before you fast forward, I want to show you something crazy right now on my computer. I'm on v.io's io's site right now the company that Saba founded and I'm inspecting the code and look what they use Post hog I'll do the same on my site and you can see we use Post hog too why because it's a great analytics tool that all startups and online businesses should use if they want to grow I can tell you all about their features but instead I'll just jump in and show you how I use it every single day so this is Post Hog I use the product analytics feature the most but they also of amazing stuff like web analytics, session replay, AB testing, and way more. Anytime we launch something new at Starter Story, I go to Post Hog and create a new report with the most important data points, study the data, make changes, and then I can see exactly how those changes actually impact the data. I'll pop into this report right here where I can track conversion on our homepage. What's also cool is I can drill down by source, run AB tests on this, and more. These dashboards fuel our business. I mean, just look at how many different ones I have saved on here. There's just no other tools this powerful in the market. You can set it up with just one line of code and the free plan is super generous. A million events for free and after that it's fractions of a penny per event. Crazy. So, if you want to try out Post Hog, and you should cuz why not, hit the first link in the description. You can install it for free, but please when you go there, tell them you came from Starter Story. All right, let's get back to the story. We got to about 30,000 monthly users. We both have full-time jobs. We have these two guys helping us out on the side. And we've saved up enough money at this point that we're like, maybe we should try to apply to Y Combinator, this like famous startup accelerator. We've got good traction at this point, 30,000 monthly users. We've shown we're like super gritty because we've been doing it for 2 years. We've invested all our money in it multiple times over and we think that maybe this is our like big break. We apply and to our amaze event, we get in to this interview round and you know, we've been through so much to get to this point. We go into the interview, we come out. The way that White Combinator works is really simple. If you get in, they give you a call. If you don't get in, they send you an email rejection letter. So that evening, we're like refreshing our phone, waiting for the email, and we think to ourselves, I think we got it. I think we got it. And I looked at this email and it was like, sorry. you know that you know that first line it always gets you the first line the rejection just gets you that unfortunately this batch you haven't been selected. We're looking at this rejection email that we got and there's another line that stood out to me and it says we don't understand why you haven't charged your users or something like that. And so we thought to ourselves, why don't we try and implement their feedback over the weekend and then email them on Monday or basically just go to the Y combinator office and be like, "Guys, we saw your feedback. We hear you. We've implemented it. We've actually got paid users. Will you change, you know, will you reconsider us?" Bang on. 9:00 a.m. Monday morning, we sent them an email like, "Hey guys, thank you so much for your feedback. We implemented it. We got 20 paid users. Would you reconsider? We've got this. We're here for it. like we want to we want to learn and we're like you know fingers crossed like maybe just maybe we're in for another shot. You know what happened? Yeah. We got another rejection email and still to this day I help killed them on [Music] Twitter. But at that point there was prey combinator which is a company that makes no revenue and now there's post a company that makes some revenue. Once we got back to the UK after California I did one thing which was only focus on growth. Like the only thing I had to do was make traffic higher than the day or the week before and make revenue higher than the day or the week before. It felt like every 4 to 6 months I was learning how to do a new job. And the skill set that really made it fly was SEO. I had to work out how to do marketing. Divide that. What What does that mean? Well, I have to choose what kind of marketing am I going to do. Because I had no money. It was only like SEO. Okay, how do you do SEO? We have to write landing pages. Well, I'm very dyslexic, but I'm going to have to work that out anyway, right? So, I'm just going to write all these terribly worded, you know, misspelled landing pages, which is a true story. I did. People search for things like trim video, crop video. There's actually about 500 of these search terms. So, I built a landing page for every single one of those things. And then I'd record YouTube videos for every single landing page. It was just brute force, like absolutely brute force. After that journey, things just started growing super fast. At that point, it was just like off to the races. 0 to 1 million in the first year. 4 months later 2 million. 2 months later 3 million and then 6 months after that it was 6 million. So it was 0 to 1 1 to 6. This like proper growth phase of the company going from 10 20 30 40 million in revenue. I don't know it was like a bit of a middle finger to all the people who didn't want to invest in me or YC turning me down. It was a bit of a hey, we're good. You know, like, you know, you're lost. The founding and the starting of the company is definitely like the most interesting part of the journey. And it becomes this like marathon. This is like an endurance sport, right? You're not on the roller coaster anymore. You're in like dayto-day combat. And I feel like at the start it's more like jumping through hoops, you know, and like trying to work out the next trick and how to get around that corner. And then once it starts going and scaling, it's more like how can I just keep drumming the beat of the company, you know, and keep keep things moving and keep growth up. And it's just really hard to run a business like dealing with people and like directing them and trying to do whatever you can that's like in the best interest of them, but also the company at the same time. Like it's genuinely really really challenging and the bigger you get, the harder it is and you only feel more and more vulnerable. I do anyway. I'm so paranoid all the time about the company, what we're doing. Are we doing the right things? I love it. I absolutely love it. I've got the best job in the world and I'm so so fortunate to be able to do it. But yeah, it's just tough. The company could have failed at so many points. It could have failed when the two interns quit. It could have failed when we ran out of money. It could have failed when we got kicked out of our office. It could have failed when we didn't get into YC, right? Like there is so many points where I could have been or we could have been like, "Nah, nah." Like, it's over. It obviously doesn't work. But every single time we kept going. And I'm so grateful for all of those learnings. so grateful. Thank you guys for watching. This was really fun to put together. Maybe one day Saba and Starter Story will be on Netflix. This story particularly hits home for me. And part of the reason why I wanted to create it was because I was rejected from YC three times. That also fueled me. And it's cool to see other people build huge multi-million dollar businesses that were also rejected. So if there's any lesson there, keep building, guys. Keep going. I'm going to put a link in the description if you want to check out Starter Story Build, which is our new boot camp where you'll come up with an idea, build it, ship it in 12 days using only AI tools. I think it's really cool. Okay, link is in the description for that. Otherwise, I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO vLLBzUZr6-s =====
TITLE: My Apps Make $4.5M/Year With $0 Marketing
DURATION: 1093.0
TRANSCRIPT:
My Shopify app, Kaching Bundles, is currently making me $4.5 million a year, and we spend almost zero dollars on marketing. How does this guy make over $4 million a year without spending thousands of dollars on marketing? Well, the answer is something you probably wouldn't expect. All of our growth is coming either from or Eric started his journey as a designer making just $2 an hour. Then he stumbled onto an opportunity that would change his life forever. I think there's still a lot of opportunity building in platforms and I'm personally researching. I spent over an hour talking to Aricos about all his different Shopify apps and how anybody can start building these things from scratch. And good news, he shared everything, including how to find platform specific ideas to build, how to run an async team with 90% margin, and the unique marketing strategy that helped him grow to $4.5 million a year in just two years. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Ericos. Welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are and what business that you built. Hi, guys. So, my name is Ericas. I'm from Lithuania, originally currently living in Paris. And I'm a designer turned entrepreneur building Shopify apps together with my co-founder. And we're currently at 4.5 million annual recurring revenue. What's really cool about our business is that we're 90% profitable. Okay. If you could give me a little bit of a breakdown of apps that you built. So, currently we have uh five apps in total. Our first app in the discount category was Kaching Bundles and we scaled it to around 400k monthly recurring revenue currently. Uh then we launched Kaching post purchase upsell. After that, we launched Kaching pop-up upsell and right now few weeks ago we launched Kaching uh card drawer upsell. All of these apps are in the discount category serving customers that want to increase their average order value within Shopify. Since our launch in 2022 August, we already made more than 400 million in additional revenue for all of the merchants that are using our apps. That's awesome. In building these businesses, what have you learned? What is the big opportunity on building apps on platforms? The thing I noticed about the app developers is that there's like solo developers, indie hackers, and I thought that they lack great user experience. All of their apps are kind of technical and a bit complex for for regular users. And the other type of apps was VCbacked or like huge corporations. The user experience were uh was great. But the problem about them was that they actually move pretty slow. If if there's a feature lacking, it would take probably months or or maybe even a year to launch something new. So that's how I kind of knew that there is an opportunity for me to be in that ecosystem and to try to beat all of those solid developers. I wasn't sure that I will be able to compete with high bigger companies backed up by VCs and so on. like a year or two years after doing Shopify apps, I realized that it's possible to compete with them as well. Okay, let's go a bit into your backstory here. What did you do before entrepreneurship and what got you into building stuff? Yeah, so right after finishing my school, I joined a local web design agency and I started working for $2 per hour. Since day one, I was always thinking, how can I 10x my earnings? And uh I quickly I realized that if I want to earn more I have to work like for myself. I I I have to start freelancing. So that's what I did in 2016 or 2015 I guess. 3 to 4 years later while I was still freelancing I was building products on the side. I had a client a startup who needed a landing page. So what I was doing I was just browsing the internet and looking for inspiration. And that's how I stumbled upon Shopify partners page. I bookmarked it and later on when I looked into it, I saw uh a section which said that top 25% Shopify app developers are making almost 300k a year. And in my eyes, it was like, oh my god, it's it's huge because what I was making with my freelance work was was much less. Having all of the experience in Shopify, I knew how how those apps were and that's how I realized that I have to build something myself in the ecosystem. Cool. Okay. The Shopify app opportunity. How did you find this idea? And generally, how do you think about finding ideas? When I was thinking of what do I want to build in the Shopify app marketplace, I I already had three main criteria. So, first one was it has to be pretty easy to build. I have to build it in like couple of months, no more than that. The second criteria was pretty broad market. I wanted to build something that could be useful for any Shopify store because it would be a lot easier to market it and I could use all of my clients that use Shopify and so on. The first criteria was I needed low competition. So that's my main my main setup how how I differentiate good ideas versus bad ideas. Nice. So on the topic of uh good ideas and bad ideas, let's talk about validation. How do you know when your idea is validated and what has that looked like for your apps before? Before building it, I tried to validate it with basically talking to users. You know, I joined various Discord communities of drop shippers. I joined e-commerce Facebook groups. I posted various Facebook posts in in those groups. And one of the posts where I I had a screenshot of my not yet published app. It was just a design and it kind of blew up. There was more than 100 likes and a lot of comments asking you know where can I don't download this app because they thought that it's already live. So that was my first validation that this product is needed and and yeah it it could be successful. If you can build a landing page or something to try get uh get the emails of your customers, that's great. If you can even charge for it, maybe make a pre-order or something, that's that's even better because you already know that people will pay money for it. All right, I got to stop you real quick and zoom out. Ericos built an insane business, 4 million a year on top of the Shopify app store without spending any money on ads. And that's maybe the secret, building on top of a marketplace. You don't need a big audience. You don't need to spend money on ads. And there's a built-in customer base just waiting for you to solve their problems. The only problem with that is that Shopify's developer ecosystem is, I'll admit, pretty mature. In other words, that means there's a good amount of competition on the platform. So, that begs the question, what's the next Shopify? What's the under the radar marketplace where I think developers should be building right now? Well, one place I think is interesting is the monday.com marketplace. We partnered with them on this video because they're putting real energy behind expanding the marketplace, investing in the platform, supporting developers, and actively looking for more builders to help meet their growing customer demand. Now is the time to get in early and make your mark while it's still easier to stand out. They've got over 245,000 customers across over 200 industries and 90% of their enterprise customers use monday.com apps. enterprise. That's the big bucks. What's also cool is they have good APIs, clean docs, solid SDKs, and a team dedicated to helping you grow and make money. If this tickles your fancy, well, with monday.com, we put together this free download breaking down a bunch of stats about the opportunity here, who their users are, and what kind of problems they really need solved. And here's a pro tip. take some of that info and plug it into your favorite LLM and I bet it will give you some really cool ideas for what to build. If you want to download, just click the first link in the description, fill out the quick form, and sign up for your developer account. It's all 100% free to get started. I'm stoked that we got to partner with monday.com in this video because Aeros is an example of what happens when you build on a marketplace. All right, let's get back to the interview. You're a designer, not a developer. How do you go about actually building these products? What's your process to go from zero to one with a new idea? Yeah. So, when I'm when I'm designing things, the first thing I look into is competitors. If there's already competitors in space, uh that's a good thing because you can dig into deeper and and see how they do like see their user experience. just go through it and I'm taking notes what I really like about it and what I dislike about it. And after that I I have a clear image of how my app could look like so that I could fairly say that it's objectively better than my competitors. And to make uh my chance for success higher, I have to find a co-founder. I think finding a co-founder is is pretty much similar to doing sales because you have to sell someone an idea that you can make a successful business and you just need their help. That's what I was trying to do. You know, I went into a local developer group in Facebook. I made a huge post. I and I mentioned that, you know, first of all, I have Shopify experience. Second, I'm a great designer with years of experience. So I can provide a great user experience which will increase our chance for success. Third, I have all of those clients already using Shopify which we can sell our Shopify app to. And with all of those things, you know, I think I'm increasing my chance for for finding a right fit. And and that's basically h how I found my co-founder. Let's go to the next section here. I want to talk about marketing. Uh, how do you go from Shopify app to real users and real paying customers? When you are just a new app, you have zero users, you have nothing. You're right at the bottom of the app store listings. So, I knew that we need to onboard as many users as we can manually. So, yeah, I just I just went to all of the communities. I just went to all of my clients, all of my friends that are using Shopify and asked them to install our app and try it for themselves. I made the app free and this way you can get more installs and of course more installs then convert to to more reviews and of course it drives more revenue then and it helps you know to improve your product further because you get all of this feedback. Okay, I want to dive into some of the dirty details about this reviews thing because I think that this is it's simple. It sounds simple, but it's actually genius. So, let's go a little bit deeper into the customer support and review strategy that really did change your business. Yeah. So, once we said that it's crucial for us to get those five-star reviews, we optimized all of our processes towards it. So first of all our product within our product you straight away we just ask for then we have all of these uh monthly emails. So every month we're sending a monthly email in which we uh show how much revenue this app brought to you and in that email we also ask for review. I think around 95% of our reviews for for our apps come from customer support. Our customer support is is topnotch. All of our customer support agents are really technical. So they can dig into your code and and fix things. And yeah, we provide 24/7 customer support right now. Nice. And now that you have a team, you realize still how important this is. And I realize that you have like a little bit of a system that where you gamified reviews. Can you talk more about that? So, recently I introduced a gamified bonus system to our customer support team and right now we're tracking who gets uh more reviews. We have the monthly leaderboard and uh we we have all of these different raffles and actually my favorite B bonus is uh a persuader of the month and what we do is we basically calculate the conversion rate of how many uh times you ask for a review and how many reviews you get and I think it really helps uh those agents bring more reviews and of course incentivizes them because they get bonuses for for each review. Cool. Okay. Okay. Well, let's dive a little bit into monetization, pricing, and conversion. How did you make the first dollar with cashing apps? And how did you get those first users? When we got our initial reviews, when we started ranking for for specific keywords, uh that's when we introduced our monetization, we introduced a subscription model. Uh later on, we introduced some tiers. So, like the more you use our product, the the the higher price you pay. Nice. And is there a kind of a strategy that you think about now? Every time you go to launch a new app, I always launch it for free because it reduces friction of installs and as soon as I start getting organic installs, I grandfather all of the users that already using uh our app so that they wouldn't need to pay and I monetize only the new users. And yeah, we always uh offer free trial. That that also helps. And we offer full refunds, no question asked because I think the risk of getting onestar review is is is just is just too big. That that was awesome. Uh next question is let's talk about tech stack. Uh what kind of tools or languages do you use to build and run this business? Yeah. So languages wise I I will not tell much because I'm I'm not technical but uh in our organization we primarily use Slack for for our communication. Then for our customer support we use intercom. Then we use uh features.vote for gathering feature uh suggestions. So every user can go to that board and suggest a feature or just upvote for other features that they think that we need to implement. Another tool that we're using is linear. Uh so we we use it internally for our task management. Last but not least, we use Mantle. You have everything Shopify related there. You you can set up affiliate partnerships. Uh you you can see all of the metrics uh all of the funnels uh customer management and so on. Since day one, our uh profitability was around 90%. expenses wise, we we always try to stay very very lean and and I hope we will stay lean in the future as well. Cool. That's amazing. Let's move on to the next question. More the lifestyle side of things. Can you give me what the day in the life looks like for you, a Shopify app developer making millions of dollars per year. Uh what does your typical day look like? Yeah, so I get up whenever I get up. I I don't set any alarms. Uh, I check my emails uh while still in bed. I I scroll some Twitter like probably everyone else in the world. When I have my to-do list, I always try to diff differentiate like quick wins, something that I can do in like up to 30 minutes. And all of the other stuff is is is the harder stuff that that I focus on later on. I I love the lifestyle. I I love what I do. And I don't feel like working. I I feel like I'm doing something. I'm really passionate about which which really helps because I'm you know I'm not counting time at all. That's awesome. Last question that we always ask uh all founders on the starter story channel. What advice would you give to someone looking to start their own business and start their own thing online? So I think that at start two people are are enough. You just have a designer who does all all of the product stuff. you have a tech guy and and you're good to go because you will be doing all of the customer support yourself to know that uh what your clients are struggling with. And yeah, once you start getting more tickets and once you start growing and and and scaling your product, then you can start hiring customer support and then you can start, you know, scaling scaling your team. And uh yeah, another ad- advice I I could give is probably to hang around other people that are building because uh you know community is is really is really helping because you you get to know people you can learn from their mistakes and uh yeah maybe you can even you know find a co-founder in those communities and and so on. That's it. Thank you uh Ericos for coming on the channel. Sharing your business that makes millions 90% profit margin is amazing and I can't wait to see you hit 10 million and take it further. So thanks for coming on. Thanks for having me. Ericos is the perfect example about how a designer and a builder can turn a simple idea into thousands of dollars. But that came with knowing the right information. For him it was about Shopify and finding the right problem to solve. Well, imagine there was a place that gave you this. Problems to solve, blueprints for building, and the marketing strategies that turn simple ideas into million-dollar online businesses. That's what we have at Starter Story, a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this all data backed by real entrepreneurs. So, if you're serious about building a profitable side project like Aricos, head to the link in the description and we will give you 52 micro SASS ideas for free just like Aricos so you can get started on your journey. Much love and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO KpVPST_P4W8 =====
TITLE: I Make $60K/Month with 4 Apps
DURATION: 1066.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I run four different businesses that currently make $60,000 per month. How does this guy make $60,000 a month from four very different online businesses? Well, it's all thanks to one simple marketing strategy. I spent a lot of money on Facebook ads. It never really worked. I tried Google ads. It never really worked. And then the thing that worked really well was Uray started his journey as a normal guy working as a software engineer at Microsoft. But eventually he got fed up with building someone else's dream. So he started building his own ideas and eventually stumbled upon an opportunity. That first month we did about $700. The second money was $4,000. Their third money was about 12. I spent over an hour talking to Ure about his businesses and about how anybody can start building profitable products from scratch. Luckily, he shared everything. how to find winning ideas, how to build apps with no experience, and how he racked up 300 million views without spending a dime on advertising. Now, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. U Thank you for coming on. Tell me about who you are and what business that you built. My name is Ure and I'm a developer who has co-founded and runs four successful online businesses that are currently doing $60,000 per month in revenue. The first one is Rummer. So Rummer is a device that looks like this and you plug it into the OBD2 port of your car. I launched this business about 2 years ago and last year we sold 6,000 units. um we generated 300,000 in revenue and most of the sales came from the 200 million organic short form content views that we did on Tik Tok, Instagram and YouTube. The second business I run is called Parakeet AI. It's basically a realtime AI interview assistant primarily used for job interviews. I launched this business about 6 months ago and in the last 30 days we made over 35,000 in revenue. The third business I co-founded is called Optivase. It's a B2B SAS business and it's basically an AB testing tool for web flow. We launched about a year ago and it's currently doing about 6.5K in MR. U most of the sales for that business are coming organically from the web flow app store, Google and word of mouth. The fourth business that I just launched, it's called Parakeet AI Apply Agent. It's an AI agent that applies to jobs for you. I launched this product two weeks ago and it's already done about $1,000 in sales so far. So you built these four businesses in a bunch of different industries. What did you learn in this process that you feel that you want to share with the world? Originally I was just a programmer. So I was a very technical person. I knew how to build products. I knew all the technical ins and outs of it. But I didn't really have a good idea of how to market them or what marketing even means. And I think a lot of programmers go through this same struggle. They kind of have an idea of what they want to build. They know how to build it. when there comes time to sell, that's where they give up. I think this marketing part of it is just as big and just as complex as building the actual product. That's great advice. So, tell me a little bit about what got you into building SAS products or just building online businesses. Give me a timeline of when things first started, when you first got the bug until becoming an entrepreneur. I'm 26 years old. So I grew up in kind of the peak internet business success stories, right? I watched the the social network and I think during that time it was very much an influential thing for me because the world of entrepreneurship was presented as as this like ultimate lifestyle you can live. So from a very young age I always dreamt about starting my own business and doing my own thing. I started off around 13 14 building apps. I never really made any money up until 3 years ago with it. And then at some point I worked for Microsoft for about a year and a half. When you have a job, you're kind of limited by the structure of the company you work at. You go to work every day and it doesn't really matter if you put in 2x, 5x, or even 10x the effort. You know, at the end of the month, you get the same salary and you will usually wait the same amount of time for a promotion. When you run your own company, if you put in 10x the effort, you will see 10x the results. when things go wrong, you know, it's entirely on you to fix it and to make it better. That level of ownership really brings a lot of meaning to just day-to-day work. Okay, so let's talk about business ideas. This is why a lot of people are watching today. U how do you find ideas like how you found the idea for your first successful business rumor? You will not come up with ideas randomly sitting on your sofa. You need to be out there doing stuff. When I came up with the idea of Rummer at the time, I was building Shopify stores for e-commerce brands and I was amazed by just how much money they were making. At the same time, I was also buying a used car. So, I purchased like a car diagnostics device and while playing around with it, I discovered that the device can read live RPMs of the car. And that's when the idea popped into my head that I could use that to generate fake engine sounds through the speakers and sell it as a device online. It's so easy to kind of package it all into one story because it's a cheap device. You can sell online. You can tell a very good story about it. People find the idea funny. It's kind of controversial. So, I thought the marketing side of it, you know, had potential. You need to spark interest through a 10-second video of people, which is going to be very hard if your product is boring. You're going to be able to sell products that are compulsive buys on Tik Tok. anything that takes a lot of time and consideration into buying, Tik Tok is not going to be that effective. Okay. Can you tell me a little bit more about how you validate ideas or when you see an idea? How do you know if it's validated? When you first come up with a product or business idea, it's almost 100% guaranteed that somebody else has come up with that idea before and they've done it before. You need to be able to evaluate the competition and see if there's any kind of space for you to squeeze in with your own product. And there's two main areas for you to focus on. Could you either make a better product or could you do marketing better than them? I think if you're trying to start an online business right now, the way to do it is to bet on organic short form content. Most other marketing channels are saturated to a point where you just coming in is going to be so hard for you to break through and make something that's profitable. But organic short form content, if you have a phone, you can make a Tik Tok that's going to get million views and those million views can convert into thousands of dollars in revenue. You're only constrained by your willingness to work hard and make the right content. So that's why I would suggest to anybody who's just starting off, there's a lot of potential in short form content and building businesses around that. Perfect. So you're a developer. A lot of people probably want to know how you build these products. What is your process to go from idea in your raised head to live product v1 beta? The primary thing I focus on when starting off a product is thinking about what is the MVP, right? So MVP stands for minimum viable product and the viable part is very important. Now if the product is not good enough to make that first sale, it's not viable. If I can build a product from zero to making the first sale in 2 weeks, but it takes you 6 months, it's going to be very hard for you to compete with me. I made a web app that could in real time transcribe what's going on and generate answers with GGBT. Now, turning that proof of concept into a product took about two weeks and obviously like doing the landing page, you know, doing some kind of marketing and just having something that's that's digestible to the end customer. If you can do two times more in the same amount of time, you have a two times higher chance of success than somebody else. Okay. So, Yuri understands that content and distribution is king when it comes to building an online business. And I know a lot of you guys want to do something similar to Yuri. build things, create content that can go consistently viral, and actually make money with your ideas. If you want to take advantage of this viral content wave while it's hot and have AI help you do it along the way, then head to the first link in the description to get this free guide on how to use AI to generate high impact social media content. This guide is super comprehensive and it's what I would use if I was just getting started with AI and social media. It includes how to find trends, how to write solid prompts, and a bunch of other tools that help you analyze your content's data. It also goes step by step into everything you might need from research to analysis. I personally found the AI powered hooks and framework section the most helpful because it gives you the exact templates for writing scroll stopping scripts. I recommend heading to the first link in the description to download it for free right now. This guide was made by HubSpot, which is today's video sponsor. A big shout out to them for putting together this free resource. All right, back to the video. Let's jump into the actual marketing, the meat and potatoes of the marketing. How do you get users to your landing pages, to your apps, and to buy your products? You could write down a list of 10 ways for you to do marketing. You have kind of a limited set of distribution channels. You could do short form organic content. You could do Facebook ads, Google ads, Reddit. Think about each one which has the highest chance of succeeding. Pick that one and dedicate your like full-time attention to it for the next two months. And whatever you saw worked, just double down on it and do more of that. So, for example, for rummer, I tested so many things out and then the thing that worked really well was organic short form content. We make funny short videos for Tik Tok, Instagram, and YouTube. And they do go viral by themselves because the product by itself is interesting enough. In the last year, we did about 200 million organic short form content views. That generated about 600,000 page visits, over 6,000 orders, and altogether about $300,000 in revenue. And if someone were starting out, they have a new product like new AI SAS like you, how many different types of ideas would you try and how many would you post in like the first week? I I leave a lot of the content creation part out to my co-founder. He kind of creates these batches of content, right? So he would write down five to 10 ideas for hooks, main part and ending. So we would make, for example, three hooks, five main parts, three endings. Now, if you do all the different combinations, you combine the three hooks with five main parts and three endings, I mean, you can get a lot of videos out of it. And then when we find a concept of a video that works, we just keep remaking the same concept. I like that. So tell me a little bit about this co-founder you have. I think it's cool that you're a developer, you're building the product, you found someone who can really help with the video side of things, which takes a lot of work. How did you find this person? What's the partnership kind of setup on something like that? The way I found Urban, which is my co-founder that does the content, is I must have sent out like hundreds of emails to different content creators that I saw on Tik Tok and just kind of pitching them the idea of my product and Urban is the one that really believed in it. And I think the second video he filmed went viral. And the way we work currently is we just work on a revenue split. That way our incentives are very much aligned. All right. So we talked about getting attention, getting eyeballs on your product. How do you actually convert that attention into users and paying users and revenue? So specifically speaking for Rummer, where we've done 200 million views last year, that converted to about $300,000 in revenue. I just have a simple landing page. I don't really do much AB testing. I think especially when you're just starting out and you're kind of a small team and not doing that many sales, if you're not confident that the change you're making is going to increase sales, then you're probably like focusing on the wrong thing. So, we just kind of make big sweeping changes that I know are going to make a difference. Okay, that's great. Can you tell me a little bit about your strategy on payment plans, fremium, anything that you've learned in your experience building a few software products? Yeah, I think it's very important that the way you monetize needs to fit the way your product is being used. And there's a big tendency for people to make a subscription out of everything. So for Parit AI, credit based is just such an obvious way to monetize this product. And that's a big selling point for us because a lot of our competition does subscription and we have a big banner saying you know no subscription onetime payment. So make sure that the way you monetize your product fits the nature of the product. Now that you have paying users the natural question is how do you actually keep those users coming back and buying more? How are you thinking about this while building a SAS? If you have the type of product that we have with Rummer, you need to find that consistency and repetition in the marketing itself, right? Because you need to always be bringing in new customer and always chasing that next sale because if you're not, your business just kind of dies off. With Parakit AI, the most important thing is you have a good product. There's no amount of marketing and kind of reeailing and retargeting that you can do that's going to be a good product and a service people are happy with. So what kind of tools do you use to build this business? Yeah. So the actual stack I use to build the app is very much like a modern web stack. So it's primarily built on Nex.js and React for transcriptions. we use something called speech matics and for the actual like AI answers we use chat GPT so for transcription we pay about a dollar an hour of transcription for that right now we're paying about $2 to $3,000 per month and then the actual AI we also pay about $1 to $2,000 per month for chat GPT okay I'd love to know Yuri what a day in the life currently looks like for you what are you working on these days and and what does a typical day look like for you every Every day I wake up and I kind of think about what is the most effective thing I can do to push my business forward. The last week for example I spent revamping the landing page because I thought that was kind of the bottleneck for parakeit AI at the time. It varies from day to day and I think that's the charm of being an entrepreneur. All right. So what are some of the key lessons that you've learned building SAS? If you're founding your own business, there's so many things you need to be able to handle at the same time and think about at the same time and do effectively at the same time. In the morning, I might be improving the product and working on some super niche technical issue and then by the end of the day, I'm deciding which, you know, stupid Tik Tok hook we're going to use that's going to uh get us the most views. the context which you need to do in a very short period of time and do it effectively is I think a very big challenge and I think that makes building products like I'm doing it uh very hard. All right. Well, the last question that we ask on that same note, if you could sit on Uray's shoulder when you were just starting out, what would be a piece of advice you would give him or what would you say? It's going to sound very cliche, but you really need to believe in yourself. It's a very long journey for you to go from like nothing to making money doing your own thing. I think the biggest hurdle people encounter is giving up just because like of how long the journey is and how hard it is and just how much kind of random advice you will get along the way from people who are well-meaning but don't know what they're talking about. going through life, you very rarely have to push for something that's so kind of unknown as you're starting a business because when you're going to school, it's very clear this is what you need to learn. If you learn it, you'll get a good grade. This is very much different. There's a chance you're going to hustle it out for 10 years and get nothing at the end, which is what makes it like scary, especially when you haven't had any any success yet. Uure is the perfect example of how a solo builder can turn a simple idea into thousands of dollars. But that comes with knowing the right information and finding the right problem to solve. Now, imagine there was a place that gave you all this. The problems to solve, the blueprints for building, and the marketing strategies that turn simple ideas into milliondoll online businesses. Well, at Starter Story, we have a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access all of this. And it's all backed by data from real businesses and real online builders. So, if you're serious about building a profitable side project like Uray, head to the link in the description and we're going to give you 52 micro SASS ideas just like Uray's so you can get started on your journey. Much love and I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO zPijWd9uk-I =====
TITLE: I Locked Myself In A Room, Made 17 Apps, & Sold 2 for $265,000
DURATION: 1064.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I built and sold two apps for $265,000 after teaching myself to code in just two month this guy locked himself in a hotel room taught himself the code and started building and just two months after I launched my first time he started small but over the course of that year he built over 17 apps most of them failed except for a couple which he then sold for a combined quarter of a million so what did you do right I grew my apps from 0 to 7,000 of monthly recing Revenue with Facebook ads when everyone say it wouldn't work but what's even cooler is the secret he learned along the way on how to quickly monetize these ideas I sat down with Nico for a couple hours and got all the sauce and in this video you'll learn exactly how he taught himself to code and build apps how to sell your app the right way and a full breakdown of his special secret paid ads sit down strap in and let's go I'm that walls and this is starter story all right welcome Nico to starter story thanks for coming on can you tell me a little bit about yourself and what you built my name is niik I've built 17 apps in a year and I sold two of them for 265,000 USD the first one is me logo. which generated $26,000 of Sales Plus I sold it for $65,000 so that's around $85,000 in total revenue from this project alone the next next one I did was to notes we generated $77,000 of sales before I sold it for2 200,000 last Julie I'd love to get a further breakdown of the two apps that you built that you sold for a combined quarter of a million dollars so make logo with an app to generate logo using AI the business model was just onetime payment so you can select a pack of logos so there was option for like five 10 or 15 options and then you had a few options to customize it so for example add some uh text next to it or just change position Etc I started working on it I think in I think November the transaction was closed in March so that would be around like 6 months most of the customers were people who were just curious about AI in general but I also had lots of small entrepreneurs who didn't necessarily wanted to pay a designer for a full logo but still didn't want it to have like something super generic the next one I did was Tor notes Tor notes is an app that helps you turn any kind of voice note you can record into proper formatted text in terms of pricing I started with onetime payments it was like a one-ear pass and eventually I switched to subscription which was 60 year or $12 per months in terms of customers I think I had around 10,000 users for the app I had like different targets like people who often need to brainstorm IDs and write them down so they can remember it later let's go into what got you building online give us a timeline of going from working for someone else to learning the code and making a living with your own projects I got started because I had a summer job in a bank and I really hated it so I resigned after 3 days I was 19 years old back then I think and I had like no clue what entrepreneurship was or what I was doing so I was just like trying things out after around one year I decided to create a brand of ties made in friends obviously didn't work out because no one is wearing TI anymore and I didn't have experience but it got me started into e-commerce and marketing which ended up with me learning about Drop Shipping on Facebook groups so I give it a try I didn't really got much success from it at first but I learned how to run ads on Facebook thanks to this I was hired as a freelancer for a Belgian closing brand eventually the owner of the brand I was working with told me that we would have to stop because he was going to work with someone cheaper at the same time my e-commerce brand wasn't working as well as I wanted it generated sales but very little profit so I decided to stop everything lock myself in a hotel room for 2 months and learn to code it was hard but after that after those two months I was able to make my very first step so it was was it at the end how did you find the ideas that ended up being successful and just generally how do you find ideas for that I have four main criteria the first one is the person value is that that something valuable to other people are they valuing solving this problem or is it just like a slight inconvenience that they don't really care about the second one is the scale uh is there like a market for that or is this like three people worldwide then the idea is not going to go far so I want to have something that people want and that many people want last two ones are more related to me so that would be my own skills so is that something that I can do myself and the last one is distribution so if there a way for me to reach user in a profitable way but I would say most of the successful ideas I had came to me like organically in a sense that I needed that for myself and I just made it all so let's talk about how you actually build products what's your step-by-step process to go from zero to one with a new idea so I us start by fixing a hard deadline if I don't have any constraint in time then there will always be something to add something to make you know the perfect app Etc and it forces me to only focus on whatever is necessary then the next step is the app prototype so that would be the very first interface to interact with the tech so I us start with like some kind of planning phase so that's where I write down all the features not the nice stuff only what is just essential once I plan all that I like to look for for example design IDs for the interface on dribble and Google image and recently VZ has been really useful to generate interface and then once I have lots of ideas and I have a better idea of how my interface is going to looks like then I either make like some kind of prototype on Sigma if that's a really complex user interface where I have to put lots of things together or I just do it directly by coding and improving on the B then the next step is to add like SAS layers so that's things like authentification payment like anything you need in know s that's typically the baller play code that you from from one project to the other once I have all that ready I go to the landing page part so this is going to be the sales page so just making a landing page that is as compelling as possible you know to make people want to either sign up or purchase the app or whatever is the goal of this project once I'm done with that I focus on optimization like optimizing for SEO Etc fixing like small issues that is any or optimizing for mobile etc etc okay so this is a lot of the build stuff tell me a little bit about the launch which is you know are there any either shortcuts or or kind of hacks that you found to be able to launch faster uh yeah for example for Mech logo AI I use tyo to get the information the name of the project uh some information and what kind of logo they wanted and collect the payment so I didn't had any backend at all it was not automated it's definitely not scalable but I was able to get something going and I got my first saes from that it's probably mean people are interested into that and now I can spend more time making a proper interface before we get into the marketing side of things I want to talk about something else first if you're building anything in B2B then you need to stop and watch this I talked to a lot of Founders in B2B behind the scenes about selling into Enterprise and just how much it changes their business imagine adding 100,000 in ARR per year from a single Customer because you landed a whale well that's what happen if you do Enterprise right but everyone in B2B knows that this comes with a huge headache making sure your app is compliant with sock 2 ISO 271 ISO 421 Hippa Etc if it's not you'll probably lose the sale waste a bunch of time and feel sad because you know just how much money you're leaving on the table well that's where vanta comes in and we've partnered with them because I think what they're doing is awesome Fanta is designed to get your startup compliant fast so you close those deals with confidence and not worry about the massive paperwork headache not only does vanta save you time it also saves you money this new IDC white paper found that vanta customers achieve $535,000 a year in benefits and the platform pays for itself in just 3 months over 10,000 companies like ramp atlassian and pendo use vanta to manage risk improve Security in real time so if you're serious about getting compliant then I think you should definitely download this free suck to checklist it breaks down the process in the road ahead so you can land more Enterprise deals with far less headache just click the first link in the description to download it for free thank you to vanta for sponsoring this video I think what you guys are doing for Founders is awesome all right let's get back into it let's talk about marketing so we talked about how to build how to launch but the probably the hardest thing is marketing so have you gain thousands of users and made hundreds of thousands of dollars so it all depend on the project and the resources I have available for example for make logo I didn't had much saving so I didn't wanted to spend any kind of money on ads but the thing is I was the first to have like AI generated logo back then people were just naturally curious for to not it was a bit different I didn't start ads right at the start so I first tried to validate the ID organically and just from that I got 1, 500 Mr or something like that and once I got to this point I knew the ID had potential I I decided to start running ads and I didn't had still lot of resources in terms of creative so it was really basic uh static ads so it's just like an image with a headline Etc I ended up making then landing pages for specific audiences and ads for those audiences and that's where it really blew up for the marketing cost again it it really really depends on the project for to notes for example I was spending between 20 to $100 per day I mentioned this is really not much for ads but I also had limited resources to like both make creative and other customer support Etc so in my situation it wouldn't make sense to spend thousands per day back then well let's dive into that a little bit because uh you know a lot of the people we talk to on this channel make it through organic short form you know this sort of stuff this is really really cool that you did this with paid ads so can you just walk me through your paid ad strategy a little bit so it really depends on the platform for example you have search platforms like Google Etc so in this case that's more about giving people what they want at the right timing but you also have Interruption platforms where you show you ads while people are doing something else so for example on Facebook or Instagram they're just scrolling and in this case it's really all about catching the attention and making the user like want to learn more by you know washing the ad and then clicking on it I use both video and static ads depending on how much budget I have Etc I have one ad for talk noes that worked really well it's not really like a professional ad it's more something that you can find scrolling on your on your feet so if you look at the video it's not like professional studio or whatever it's just a guy that I paid and he was recording himself reading the scripts in his office so it looks really like organic it doesn't really looks like an ad people will naturally be more inclined to watch the ad and you know uh maybe click after that that's one of the thing that made this art works well and it also focus on the problem so the name of the app like do notes is not mentioned until way after in the app you just keep giving them reason to watch to watch to watch until the end of the ad where you have the call to action and it's like oh now if you have all those problems and you want to solution then have a look at this product for example Okay cool so I want to do a little section going over the sale process just talking about ac.com and the process of posting your idea on there I think that would be helpful you've got through the process two times to sell the app the first thing is obviously where are you going to list it for sale in my case I went for acquire. comom now they don't handle the transaction themselves so they just put you in touch with like the buyer Etc but then you have to make the wire like sort of on your own the important thing is to is to make sure that the listing is like a landing page so you really want to showcase your startup as like a product now for the negotiations it's better to entprise your startup to get buyers interested because the thing is there there is some like ego play so for example for M logo I think I got like 50,000 and maybe 55 or something then I got 65,000 paid over a year and then the last call of the day the guy was like okay I don't want to waste time like bidding against other buyers Etc so I'm going to offer you 65,000 cash but we need to finalize everything in the next two weeks I don't want to waste time can you tell me what kind of tools or languages you use to build these products and run your businesses I use n as my main Java Script framework I tried like different Frameworks but no is just much better on every aspect for me I also do use next UI that goes with it so it's like a library of components so that way I don't have to code like every little button and stuff like that I can just say Okay button here allowed me to code like three times faster so I don't have to remake everything obviously I use csor coding so what I did is I embed the documentation of N and noi compared to before when I was not using AI n Etc I just work like 10 times faster with just those three ones I use v0 a lot so you just say I want this interface and they just make it to you get the code so I just have to convert it into next then for SEO even if it's not my main like Channel I still try to do a little bit and hre is amazing for that to collect user feedback I I I use and I created it myself is feed feedback widget. it's just a way to like easily collect feedback and the last one I would say is h test it which is the one I created is to make AB testing and increase conversion rate or test different boardings etc etc let's talk about um day in the life you sold uh multiple asss for quarter million dollars what is your life like now what does a day in the life look like for ni so in terms of routine um right now I don't really have like a strict r routine like I wake up at 7:00 a.m. work in the morning and in the afternoon I either work if I have things to do or I just do like Hobbies play video games with my friend and stuff like that but when I have like a a really specific goal in mind and it's just about grinding then I just uh wake up at like between 5:30 or 6:00 a.m. just go to the gym and then I just work until 7 or 800 p.m. I move really really fast uh by using this mix of like try hard then rest a bit to assess and try to find what I work on next that's awesome okay the last question that we asked everyone on starter story is if you could stand on Nico's shoulder in that hotel room when you were just learning how to c what would you tell him what advice would you give yeah I I would say don't get emotionally attached to the products that's something I already had but yeah make technical prototypes quickly to solve the problem then go to talk to user as soon as possible another thing like don't try to make 100,000 or even like $10,000 for your first project if you haven't got any success yet just try to make your first dollar online first and forget about scalability or anything it's just uh compounding small winds but you need this first little wins to PCH the snowball until you get like a a bigger one at the end of the slope all right well that was awesome thank you Nico for coming on to starter story your journey is amazing 20 apps sold them for a quarter of a million living the dream in Bali so I'm excited for what you're going to do next and uh thanks for coming on and sharing everything thanks that was a pleasure so thank you for Nico for coming on I think your story is amazing I think if you watch this it might feel like Nico had some crazy formula for success but I really just don't think that's the case he got started shipped a crap ton of stuff and while doing that he eventually kind of stumbled on a couple of things that worked I see a lot of people waiting waiting for the right time to start sitting on the sidelines While others like Nico are just getting started playing around with all these AI tools and new markets and just shipping stuff every week if you're trying to do something similar well I have something special for you it's called the AI build accelerator and in 2 weeks you'll ideate build and ship a real life production app imagine what would happen if you started today imagine where you could be in 2 weeks if you're curious about doing this and actually building something then check out the link in the description if you want to learn more but this is only for people that are serious about actually building something I'd love to see you in there just click the first link in the description and let's build all right guys I'll see you in the next one peace


===== VIDEO qeY283nBhIA =====
TITLE: I Built a $10K/Month App from My Mom’s Basement
DURATION: 1149.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I taught myself how to code and I built two apps that now make me $10,000 a month all from my mom's basement. How did this guy teach himself to code and then build two apps to $10,000 a month? Well, the answer lies in how he spends his time. I spend 1 hour a day marketing and I generated over 300 million views and made a,000 videos. The secret is Jack Ficks started his journey as a kid working at McDonald's, saving up money so he could start pursuing his dreams of building online. Once he'd saved up enough, he quit his job, dropped out of college, and started building apps from his mom's basement. And within one year, he started making money. I think the biggest reason most people over complicate building profitable apps is because they're not trying to solve a painful enough problem. I spent almost 2 hours talking to Jack about his apps and how anyone can start building profitable products like him from scratch and on a budget. Luckily, he shared everything. how he finds profitable ideas, how he scrappily builds products and monetizes quickly, and his 1hour a day marketing strategy that's gotten him millions of views and thousands of downloads. Now, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Jack Frics, to the Starter Store YouTube channel. Tell me a little bit about yourself and what you built. My name is Jack Ficks. I built two startups that make me $10,000 a month, all from my mom's basement. The first thing I built was Curiosity Quench, a consumer app that helps people scroll less on their phones. It took me 4 months to build it because I was learning how to code at the time. That now makes me $3,000 a month in monthly recurring revenue, and it's made me over $60,000 in the last year. The second thing I built was a social media scheduling tool called PostBridge. After four and a half months, it hit $7,000 in monthly recurring revenue and it's made me about $40,000 in the first five months. All right, Jack, can you give me a further breakdown of the businesses that you built? Yeah. So, Curiosity Quench I built to help people scroll less on their phones by giving them hobbies to do. It charges about $30 a year for the subscription with a 7-day free trial. It has over 100,000 downloads. And then that led me to build another business which is called PostBridge that helps people basically post social media posts quicker, easier, faster from one place. It is a web application. The starting plan for PostBridge is $9 a month, but now there is a few other pricing tiers. Cool. Okay. Tell me a little bit about what got you into building online. Give us a timeline of when things started for you as an entrepreneur. Yeah. So, 3 years ago, I dropped out of college because I realized I did not want to work a job. I really just wanted my own freedom, my own autonomy to like do whatever I want on my own time. It sounds dramatic, but I would often tell my friends and myself that I would rather be homeless than work a job. Basically, I quit my job at McDonald's. I dropped out of school in the same few months to pursue a bunch of different businesses in 3 years making a book, selling t-shirts, having a crypto YouTube channel, many other things. I eventually landed on learning how to code. I kind of just went into it head on. The first thing I went to build was actually Curiosity Quench. Everything broke almost every single time I built it. I just kept putting errors after errors into ChachiPT and eventually had a working product. But it didn't go like skyrocket growth right away. I still had to keep working on it and find new angles on how to market it, how to get into people's hands. So that was still an ongoing process for many months even after I built it. Nice, man. Let's go on to ideas, man. I want to get a little bit into the dirty details here. Can you tell me a little bit about how you find ideas and specifically how you found the ideas for Curiosity Quench and PostBridge? So, I think the best way to find any good idea is to solve your own problems. For Curiosity Quench, my problem was that I was scrolling all day on my phone or at least a few hours when I woke up and there wasn't really any apps that to me were very great. So, I was trying to tackle it from a different angle. And ultimately, what I came up with was action plans on a bunch of different hobbies. And that's how it led to me making Curiosity Quench the app it is now. Nice. Okay, cool. So then tell me about the second idea postbridge and how you came across the problem for that and then decided to what to build for it. So postbridge came to be because I was spending an hour a day marketing curiosity quench and of that hour 30 minutes was spent posting the same content to every single platform. So I went and looked around and there was options to do it for me but they cost like 10 times more than I want to pay. So I thought I could make something better and then I just went and did it at a fair price. Nice. Okay, let's talk idea validation. What does that look like? That process. So to me, validating ideas was first asking myself, is it a problem that I would pay for to solve? If I would pay for it, I consider it a lot more valuable and a painful problem. And if I wouldn't pay for it, I usually don't build it. And then for Curiosity Crunch as an example, I posted a video, 60 seconds on TikTok. I just point and shoot recorded it talking to the camera and 15 people commented saying, "I need this. This is it. This is good." So, I kept making videos. The same thing happened. And eventually, I realized, hey, I should probably make this thing that hundreds of people say they want. All right, let's talk about what everyone loves. Let's talk about how you build these products. What's your step-by-step process to go from zero to one with a new idea? So, my process is actually pure chaos. I basically jump into my code editor. I bring up chat GPT or something similar and I just start asking how I should go about building the thing. And in terms of landing page, I have just used like a boilerplate and I have made very small improvements. I'd go back and edit one section at a time usually and just make it a little bit better week over week. All right, so we talked about how to go from zero to one. But before we get into the growth, I do want to talk about one very important thing that you cannot forget to do before you launch. Analytics. And yes, this is today's sponsor. But I'm actually kind of nerding out right now because this is one of my favorite tools and I actually use it every day. And I'm going to show you right now how I use it. So this is Post Hog. And by the way, how freaking cool is their website with this crazy dinosaur thing? But you can install it on your site with just one line of code. And they have a really generous free plan. Once it's installed, you'll get product analytics, session replay, experiments, surveys, and more. But my personal favorite feature is AB testing. And I'm going to show you a starter story AB test in Post Hog right now that increased our conversion rate by over 300%. Check this out right here. This is crazy and why I really recommend using Post Hog. But what I think is also cool is that in Post Hog, you can track the AB test going through the funnel and see how this AB test affects the entire conversion flow. You can also even drill down further and look at conversion rates by source. So I can see how people convert from Twitter, YouTube, ChatGBT, and a bunch of other places. These AB tests are so important for our business and there's just really not another tool that can actually do this. So, if you want to install Post Hog, which I think you should do, and it's free, just click the first link in the description and tell them you came from Starter Story. All right, now back to the video. All right, let's talk about your specialty. Let's talk about marketing. How do you actually get users to these businesses and have them pay money? So my core strategy and it still is this is to do everything through organic to get Curiosity Quench to a 100,000 users was just finding a template that I can repeat over and over and over again. A very funny simple 2x two images caption template. It's 6 seconds long and having the pinned comment be go download and try our app. And then I would make a mistake even to drive engagement in the comments like astrology and astronomy. If you get those mixed up, people are really going to get angry. Originally, I created my templates by just making a Cap Cut project and copying and pasting it over. Eventually, this became a bit too slow, so I actually built in like a template creator into my SAS, which is PostBridge. I posted the 2x two template over now 300 times on two different accounts and they've driven 60 to 70,000 signups just through these simple templates that have brought in like hundreds of millions of views. Okay, let's we're going to do a little deep dive into your marketing. Can you walk through that step by step of just spending 1 hour a day marketing your app? What does that look like? So, I think anyone can get thousands of downloads to their app or visitors to the website just with one hour a day of marketing with no ad spend. That's a very simple strategy. First, I would open account on Tik Tok and Instagram for my product or a personal page. Either one works. And I would just scroll on those pages for 2 days, 15 minutes a day each. This is to warm it up so the algorithms don't think you're a bot. You're a real human being. While you're doing this, when you see videos that have went viral, save them. Do not post content during this time. Comment and follow people in your niche. So, interact with posts. And then after you've warmed up your account, download Cap Cut. It's super easy. You can learn it in an hour and you can start posting videos from proven examples that you've seen. You spin them with your app either as a call to action at the end of the video, 3 seconds or less, or don't even put in the video. Make your caption and your first comment a call to action to go to your thing. The algorithm loves watch time and the easiest way to get like 100% 200% watch time is to make your video 6 seconds long. But what matters more than all that is to make content that people actually watch. It has to provide some type of value, some type of connection, some type of laugh. It could be entertainment, it could be education, but if it's directly an ad, people are going to scroll. It's not going to work. So once you find a winning format, double down on it. Just recreate that video in a different way and post it over and over again. Milk it till it's dry. That's great advice. Tell me a little bit about uh batching up this content. Are you just doing it every day or do you batch it up for the whole week or do you outsource any of this? Yeah, so I spend 1 hour a day marketing. I post the videos same day. I usually don't schedule them far out just because I can iterate way faster cuz every day I can try something new. If I'm just batching, I'm going to have the same still content for the whole month that I that don't even know if it works yet. So, every day means you can improve and iterate way faster and you can find a winning template way faster. Agreed. Tell me about the multiple accounts. You said you had like four different accounts. What does that look like? Yeah. So, I run three Instagram accounts to split up my videos because I want to try and spread all of them out by at least 3 or 4 hours. I don't want the algorithm to think I'm spamming it. It's always different videos because if you do post the same videos with the same metadata nowadays, the algorithms are good and they will notice it. So, I wouldn't suggest doing that. I want to go talk about the building in public thing because you seem to be doing a really good job of just sharing your story on Twitter. You said you posted 300 videos. What would be your advice for people that want to get their first thousand followers on X? I think the easiest way to grow a personal brand is to not grow a personal brand at all. It's just to build cool things, do cool things, and then like share them. To me, building cool things just means that you're doing something that's tangible, so you can see like you have an output. For me, it was building an app. And for many other people, it might be something like writing a book or doing something even around their house, like organizing stuff a certain way. But most people aren't sharing the things they're doing in their lives. They're sharing like apherisms and quotes that no one really cares about. If you just share what you're actually doing in your life, it's probably going to be 10 times more fun for other people to see and they connect with you a lot more. And one thing that I see with people who want to build in public, they're they're maybe a little afraid or fear of failure or fear of putting themselves out there. Is that something that you experienced? Honestly, I made new social media accounts to get away from all the real life people around me. But the only way you can get over that fear is to just do it and realize that no one really cares. No one cares if you fail or win. They just kind of are watching on the sidelines most of the time and they're not really paying attention to you. They're paying attention to themselves. They're not thinking you're stupid, you're dumb. They're just thinking how can I succeed and they're kind of scrolling past your post. Getting over that fear was really big for me to be able to just tweet whatever and people can really feel if you're being authentic or not. We talked a lot about marketing, how to get actual eyeballs on your content. How do you convert that to paying users? So, I think it's very different when you're trying to monetize something if it's a mobile app or it's a web app. For my mobile app, I made it a payw wall. They can skip it, but it just offers them a trial for the premium version. And obviously most of the great things about my app are behind that pay wall. Also in mobile apps, what's really important is onboarding. Basically, before you get to showing that pay wall for them to pay, tell them what the problem you're solving is and how you're going to solve it. Make them get excited about it cuz they're going to be way more primed to actually spend money on your thing when they know it's going to help them. for web, for PostBridge, my SAS. I did experiment a lot with yearly pricing, but what worked even better for me was a 7-day free trial. There's no free version. You just put your credit card in if you want to try it. You can cancel anytime. That was really helpful for me. Free trials and 40% discount on yearly or a big discount are two really simple things that I did that drove revenue up a lot. Tell me about pricing for PostBridge specifically. I mean, there's already a million uh social media scheduling platforms. Why did you win? I just built it for myself. All the other ones to me were too expensive. I priced it at what I think is fair, and that fair price was something that I was willing to pay, and I still at this price point make a very healthy profit. So, I can't really complain. Let's talk about retention insurance. So, now that you have paying users, what have you seen works with actually keeping those users coming back every month? The biggest thing for me was just making a product that is so useful they need it in their everyday life. And that comes I think with the actual initial idea. The problem you're solving initially kind of has to be sticky enough where they're going to value it to pay monthly. Let's talk about tech stack. What have been the most useful tools and languages that help you run these products on a day-to-day basis? What does your stack look like? So my tech stack is Nex.js JS mostly and for mobile apps it's react native with expo and I use also a boilerplate to start all my web projects called chipfast from my friend Mark Lou I use superbase for the database every time Apple notes some like Trello board just for my own internal use and like a timer that I have right here to just track that I'm working actually inspired by Pat so every day I just start a timer and I block in I focus on the task one task task that I'm doing and I do that for either 1 hour, 90 minutes or 2 hours at a time and that's helped me a lot to build fast because when you're focused you get a lot more done. Tell me a little bit about the costs or margins to run a business like this. If you could break those down, it'd be cool. My cost for running these businesses is Twitter API. Uh that costs $200 a month. The other bills are just hosting the websites, the database. Usually I think it's around $400 a month is what I pay. very good margins like over 95%. Tell me about what a day in the life looks like. You uh building two different businesses from your mom's basement. So most of my days I wake up pretty early, get 8 hours of sleep. I try not to sacrifice the sleep. Usually read a bit and go straight to work. Probably 2 to 4 hours focused work. Then I take lunch and then I work 2 to 4 hours. Again, in the last year, I have developed a more stable routine where I will stop working at dinnertime because then I can sleep better, then I'm excited to work the next day. It's pretty much what I've been doing for the last year and a half. What are some of the key lessons you've learned in your journey? Looking back, what advice would you give to a younger Jack if you could stand on his shoulder? Mainly to just keep going. A lot of the times in my journey, I wanted to give up or I was doubtful of myself, but then a few months later, I would figure out that hurdle because I just kept going. And also to solve real problems. Something I wish I really knew earlier was that the easiest way to make a successful business is really just to solve your own problems. And that was the two things that I did that were successful were both things that I had the problem of and I needed a solution. So, I just went and built them. Now that you made it, you can do whatever you want every day. You get to build your own products. What would be your advice to someone who wants to own their schedule, be a soloreneur, build cool things? I would say the best advice would just be to keep trying different things even when something doesn't work so you can eventually get through the haze of this isn't going to work out, this is terrible, and make it into something that eventually gets you to that $10,000 a month. It's not going to happen overnight. It may take 3 4 years. That's probably the average amount of time it takes. But just the ability to not give up, to keep going is going to be the number one thing. Beautiful. All right. Thanks, Jack, for coming on Starter Story. I think people are going to love your story. I love what you built and it's only going to grow a lot from here. So, thanks, man. Jack is the perfect example of how a solo builder can turn a simple idea into thousands of dollars. But that comes with knowing the right information and finding the right problem to solve. Now, imagine there was a place that gave you all this painful problems to solve, the blueprints for building, and the marketing strategies that turn simple ideas into million-dollar online businesses. Well, at Starter Story, we have a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this, all backed by data from real entrepreneurs. So, if you're serious about building a profitable side project like Jack, head to the link in the description and we're going to give you 52 micro SAS ideas so you can get started on your journey today. Much love and I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.


===== VIDEO gU9FtZIfb_M =====
TITLE: I Quit My Job & Accidentally Built A $10M Business
DURATION: 1261.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this guy quit his job and built a $10 million business by accident and the crazy part is he did it using a marketing method that cost z i from the beginning knew that were going to be the secret to our growth I invited Ian to my house to Deep dive with him ask him exactly how his business Works how he got his first customer and how he grew to over 10 million a year in just 3 years before all this success Ian was chasing empty dreams working for others in finance and VC but eventually he had enough and so I got on that path and I got on that treadmill but very quickly I was like no this is not for me shortly after he quit he raised money to start his own app company but then quickly realized that was just another rat race so he quit that and then decided to go out on his own but this time with no expectations that he'd strike a big then he stumbled into an opportunity that would change his life forever I realiz I think a lot of other people are realizing I just want a good place in my life where I can live and do the things I want to do with the people I want to do them with you don't have to be a billionaire to do that and that's what led me to in this video Ian shares his exact strategy on how to build a business that gives you Freedom including the best niches to build an offshoring business how to scale a team and hire A+ talent and the marketing strategy he uses that costs $0 and he still uses today I'm Pat walls and this is starter story all right man thanks for coming thanks for coming to my house my pleasure and doing this tell me about who you are and what you built I'm e Meers founder CEO of oceans it's a Services business that offers High skill operational Outsourcing to hundreds of clients entrepreneurs Ecom Brands Services businesses all across the world the idea came in late 2021 signed our first contract in Fe feary of 2022 we did 650k in Revenue that year which is a lot for year one of any businessing last year we closed at about 15 million in Revenue so it's just been up up up and it's very profitable millions of dollars in profit since we started so give me a further breakdown the business how does this business work what kind of clients do you serve how much do you charge so for us we hire people all over the world mostly in Sri Lanka few in South Africa and other places we match them out full-time 40 hours a week longterm to our clients they're part of their team they're at the All Hands they're on the calendar on the slack everything they're doing real work we charge around3 to $4,000 a month per headcount you know if you're getting an EA it's going to be a little less if you're getting a financial controller it's going to be a little more then we pay our you know we pay our people all their wages and everything like that all their benefits and we pocket The Profit between yeah before the success I understand you had a bunch of different roles and you had a bunch of different things can you tell me a little bit more about that and how that led to building this huge business yeah well first I thought I wanted to be an academic so I was like getting my PhD in international policy security policy that was like really intellectually fascinating but I didn't want to live in my car which a lot of my colleagues were doing after they graduated so I was like oh let's change course here went into Finance was working like at fund investing so we investing in Venture funds private Equity Funds stuff like that and so I was working with all these entrepreneurs I was talking to them all they were all psyched they were getting up out of bed every day like really excited about their idea they just wanted to build something do something and at some point you're like you know what I want to do that so decided to start my own company the first one we took investment it was venture-backed it was an app I I'm not really an app guy but I was somehow like had started an app company and found myself there and we eventually sold it but I realized if you go that route you're not really working for yourself you you're like okay I want to build something I want to own something I want to do something but the second you raise money your board's telling you what metrics you got to hit you're sort of like on this treadmill of raising the next round and so I got on that path and I got on that treadmill but very quickly I was like no this is not for me and so after that experience I was sort of like okay now this time I actually want to do something where I'm it's mine I'm in charge I make the decisions I can go fast or slow and that's what led me to profitable Services businesses because I have a I want to like live my life and enjoy my life and I approached this business from what do I want my life to be like how do I make the most money or how do I get the most Venture financing I realize and I think a lot of other people are realizing I just want a good place in my life where I can live and do the things I want to do with the people I want to do them with you don't have to be a billionaire to do that so where you live how you want to live these are all decisions that should actually go into what kind of business do I want to create okay so you kind of you leave this crazy VC world you're you're looking to start something that makes your life better maybe makes $200,000 a year but then you stumble onto a massive opport so tell me a little bit more about that the opportunity of offshore Talent as a whole why is this such a big opportunity it's been a big opportunity for a long time but for only people that had a lot of money to invest in huge teams so for instance Google has like 180,000 FTE around the world they have 120,000 people offshore Microsoft same ratio this has been the secret sauce of the biggest companies in the world for decades the business opportunity for me was was because Co changed everything right suddenly everyone had to go online if you can work with someone who's just moved to Montana because it's co and they want to move back in with their parents you can work with someone in Sri Lanka yeah this opened the door to companies who hadn't considered offshoring before to start doctor's offices accounting practices law firms creative agencies people who are like whoa my whole team's remote why don't I just throw Global Talent into the mix when it's better priced often times higher quality and more eager to get the work done so I saw that the offshoring industry was sort of taking off and I thought to myself well what if I just have a better product like this industry exists I know people want this and that was the light bulb moment go find something that people already want and do it differently or better and there's your equation for a successful business for our audience who's watching right now they're looking to potentially build something on in this space in the offshore Talent what kind of ideas have you come across what's an idea that comes to mind that you don't have the time to build that you'd recommend our viewers could build creating a small vertical in which you can succeed is really key I'm the I'm the founder and CEO of an offshoring business I get 10 emails a day from other offshoring businesses trying to sell me offshore Talent yeah it's a commoditized space so you have to stand out and one of the best ways to stand out is to be the best in your category so I've seen a lot of companies be the best at video editing be the best at certain very specific types of design like illustration be the best at like CAD design for architecture firms and things like that specializing in a vertical where you're going to be talked about it's easy to get to $1 to $2 million in Revenue doing that like Ian said the tides are shifting and right now is the best time in history to be building a business that makes your life better and the best part is you don't need thousands of dollars or hundreds of employees to do it with all the tools and resources out there today it's 10 times easier and cheaper to build a business than it was back then especially if you want to do it as a solopreneur but you need to know the right information and the right steps to take so if you're anything like Ian and you want to take advantage of this opportunity and build a business like his right now then head to the first link in the description to get this free solopreneur business guide this is one of the best ways I'd recommend if you want to learn the information necessary to become a solopreneur it includes a bunch of tools templates and even an extra list of 70 solopreneur business ideas to help you get started right away I personally found the systems for solopreneur Section to be really helpful because it gives you action steps on how to scale hard things like onboarding and project management just head to the first link in the description to download it for free this guide was made by HubSpot which is today's video sponsor a big shout out to them for putting together this free resource all right let's talk about the early days how did you set up this business how did you get your first customer how' you get your first 10 customers what did that look like so at this point we hadn't raised any money it was totally me I Own 100% of the business I knew nothing about this space nothing at all and I thought okay if we're going to be doing vas we probably should train them to be great vas so there was a lot of training built into our model I hired someone someone who has been in EA for 10 years to make me a training course and then we just hired three people that I had sort of gotten connected to through my time in Sri Lanka to do our first cohort just three people and I was like we're just going to test this out with some friends so I gave the the pitch to some friends and I give much reduced pricing so we didn't make any money on um our first three customers but I just wanted to put this in someone's hands and see what happens so for me it was all about if I make this business can I call someone tomorrow and they'll buy it from me and I think that's really important don't go into business being like Oh I'm going to buy Facebook ads and sell it to some stranger in Arkansas it's got to be something that you can not just give people to test but will someone give you money for this thing within you know however many days of launching it but it's got to be someone you know yeah so that for me was how we got our first couple of customers but there was a lot of anxiety when I tapped out my network I was like what if this is just a business where people I call and they like me or they know me will buy it and then it stops and luckily we started getting like referrals from our existing customers I didn't know these people in the business sort of grew from there but there was a moment of real anxiety about like do I have a real business or am I just selling my friend something that they can probably maybe use enough to pay me all right let's talk about marketing um this business makes millions of dollars a year but you haven't really done a whole lot of marketing around it I think that's cool tell me more about that so I from the beginning knew that referrals were going to be the secret to our growth if you have a great service business they usually grow through Word of Mouth everybody needs Lawn Care everyone needs house cleaners like those types of businesses if you pick the right ones grow through word of mouth because people have excellent service so the first step is make sure you have a great service nobody's going to recommend a service or a product that sucks and then like if you're building referral business before you get to the here's our funnel here's our engine here's how it works click here to join put your customers in the position to be a hero to their friends by recommending your service and you'll succeed so if I look tired and Haggard and you know whatever I want someone to see that who's our customer and be like man you look like [ __ ] I should hook you up with oceans because they're going to change your life a lot of our customer base or business owners are always thinking about hiring I think that's also true for great like lead generation businesses like that how do I get more business constant topic how are you growing dude how are you marketing where are you spending yeah if you're in those categories you've got a builtin word of mouth that's really important yeah double click on the the quality of service thing how did you make sure that the service was so good specifically what did you do to ensure that this was the best service possible so that it could scale in terms of how to deliver an incredible experience just think about what happens in your daily life if you send an email to someone and they get back to you in 5 minutes that feels amazing MH if you have a problem and you get on the phone with somebody and they're like you know what I totally understand that's our bad let me comp you a month of service because this is not the experience I want you to have just keep going with this going in day by day with these EAS helping them touch up their emails helping them do their canva work there's so many pieces of lwh hanging fruit out there in terms of delivering exceptional customer experience that people can do if they're just willing to be on for a pretty long period of time in that initial stretch even though I wanted great you know easy lifestyle I knew the first 20 the first 50 you got to really lean in you got to be there you got to pick up the phone you got to call people and you just got to go beyond the bounds of what you might do when the company's large yeah so tell me what kind of tools and software run this business I I'm a big fan of not spending on tools so we don't have a lot we use mostly Gite for everything I think that what you can get done in Google Sheets is incredible and people should go on YouTube and realize you can run an entire company's dashboard in Google Sheets and we use um stripe for payments we use notion for a lot of like organization and um you know sort of material reference guides and things like that um and we use a company called TLD DV which is video recording and and meeting recording and then of course we use HubSpot for our CRM so we try to keep our tools pretty slim you would be surprised how much you can get done in Google Sheets Google Classroom G Suite um and then for the stuff that you can't get done we use pretty popular providers like notion and stripe and things like that so let's talk about scale you built this to a million a year and then now it's doing over $10 million a year talk about that timeline how did you scale this business this was the most interesting thing for me that I learned and [ __ ] up is there's a real Gap when you go from the first five to eight people doing everything where one person has all the knowledge they don't have to share that knowledge because the person who made the process is doing the process and everything works well to now we're an organization now we have a team now someone who comes in needs to be able to learn about how to do this everything breaks getting the knowledge out of people's heads and into processes was one of the biggest challenges for us as we grew and it was painful so that for me was the hardest thing hiring you know we hire 30 30 to 40 people a month my biggest thing is I like to hire um from non-traditional places I think there is a wealth of incredible talent that exists outside of New York City Silicon Valley I mean that's the foundation of my business obviously but even for our hires that were in the US um our first outside hire in the US she was the head of children's summer camps at mass aabon and I wanted her to take sales calls and I was like man if you can deal with like coordinating a bunch of screaming kids at summer camp and then like 20 to 30 angry parents every week coming and yelling at you you can do this job and it's going to seem like a vacation so now she's my chief of staff so looking not totally at like have you done this before but is what you've done before going to set you up for success in this job really really important and that's how we approach also hiring our EAS we don't hire people that have been EAS before we hire people that have had really unique operational backgrounds that are really smart and really intelligent are they going to be able to keep up with a business owner with a Founder yes then we'll train you to be a great EA and you're going to be successful yeah all right let's talk about what you do outside of business tell me about some of your passions or what this business has enabled you to do I'm an easy guy to shop for because I have like five categories of things I like I like space like buying anything space related uh love books I like video games and board games any kind of game which takes up a lot of time uh and I like being in a rural place I lived in New York for 10 years cuz I had to be there I recently moved to New Hampshire I grew up in Vermont I feel so much more at home and at peace and this is this is like what I wanted when I started this company was I just want the freedom to be in an environment I want to be in and do the things I want to do so every morning I read with my coffee for an hour I read a non-fiction book biography history whatever it is I like I play video games every Saturday morning from 6 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. it's 5 hours it's kind of insane and sometimes sometimes I actually play them on week nights but don't tell people that I think there's a stigma around entrepreneurs doing things that aren't related to their company and I'm like if that's true you have a shitty business if you can't do the things you want to do if you can't step away and be like man I'm able to read the books I want to read I'm able to like go visit friends I'm able to travel I'm able to do all these things then what are you doing it for so that's sort of my Mantra is like it's okay that I play video games it's okay that I'm not spending 24/7 thinking about this business because that means I've built a business that can run on 10 hours of my work or whatever and I've got a great team that's taking care of things while I'm traveling so that's the life I set out to accomplish and it's a little bit different than what I thought it was but I feel kind of like I'm there so tell me what a typical day in the life is what does a Tuesday look like for you building this business well there's no furniture in my house that I just moved into so I usually get up off my air mattress and I go downstairs uh make some coffee I sit and read I start work around 7:30 I get up at like 5:36 I start work around like 7:30 I usually have most of my meetings in the morning I'll have lunch you know make my own lunch whatever and and have it at my desk I usually work till 6 or seven so you know like 10 11 hour days but it's punctuated I'll go outside and I'll walk around I'll go get groceries I'll call my parents or I'll call somebody and talk to them and like breaking up my day in a way that makes sense is um something that is afforded to to me because of the business I have whereas like if I was going into an office I wouldn't be able to do that and also the people that work for me I'm always like look if you want to go out and like take your kid to go get some toys or something at 2 o00 that's fine go do that come back we'll finish up so maybe I do put in the hours but I do it in a way that doesn't feel like it and I think that's a real crucial difference last question that would ask all the founders on the starter story channel is if you could sit on Ian's shoulder and give him advice when you were starting out what would that advice be so many people in our generation get freaked out by like I'm going to make the wrong decision should I take this job should I start my own company should I do this thing and I'm not going to do it because I'm afraid that it's not the path there's like LinkedIn stocking that happens today where like I see like kids in their like mid 20s going out and they're being like well but this person's we went to college together and they're working at this company and they have this title and that's farther ahead than me and I'm really freaked out and like what should I do about it and I'm like I went through so many miserable experiences in my life and it ended up here yeah and if I hadn't made all those mistakes and done all those things this door wouldn't have been open I would have been in a different house different neighborhood and this might not have ever happened so don't approach decision making in a way that is from fear of choosing the wrong thing just take on New Opportunities because you always are able to maneuver into what you want to do and even if you're like oh I think I want to do this but I don't eventually the thing you think you want to do is the thing that you're going to want to do and then you'll end up happy that's great advice thank you for coming on the show man my pleasure you're awesome the businesses you built is awesome follow this advice then you will have a multi-million dollar Sri Lankan Outsourcing business good luck guys what's up guys I hope you got inspired by Ian's story it was great to have him in my house and I hope you got some good takeaways from him I think what he said Rings true for me and probably for a lot of you as well that building a business that makes you enough money to give you the lifestyle that you want is really the goal something that allows you to be able to work on what you want live wherever you want and do whatever you want to do throughout the day but for that to be possible you first need to be working on a good problem and a good solution now if you're still looking for something like that a good problem to build a business around then head to the link in the description and I'll send you over a list of $99 million problems worth solving right now it has a bunch of cool stuff around ideas and industries that are worth building in and if you're really serious about building something then please come join thousands of other builders doing it inside starter story all right guys I'll see you the next one peace


===== VIDEO KcCnqLBhvXY =====
TITLE: The $10M AI SaaS Playbook
DURATION: 1716.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this is David Park and he built an AI app to $10 million a year in 2 years how lowbudget videos on Tik Tok and Instagram you might remember David from our Underdog video well you guys love that video it got a million views so I called up David to see if he wanted to come back on the channel but this time do something a little bit different I said dude why don't you come on so we can share with the world your short form video Playbook that took your business from $0 to $10 million I know a lot of people are making a lot of money with this Playbook but nobody's really sharing the how so let's have you come on the channel be an open book and walk us through your step-by-step process that anybody can do for free he said yes and that's what you're about to see right now a detailed tactical breakdown of his $10 million Playbook including how to find unlimited viral content ideas for free in just 5 minutes how to find influencers that can 10x your startup and the Not So secret method to have the smartest Founders are generating hundreds of millions of views look David's not an influencer he's not selling a course he's in the arena every day and this is what's actually working right now watching this whole video will change the way you think about making money online so I'd advise to sit down take notes and take it all in welcome to the $10 million AI Playbook by starter story okay welcome David first tell everyone who you are what you built and why every founder needs to watch this video my name is David I'm the founder and CEO of Jenny AI Jenny's a collection of edtech tools that helps researchers research write and everything in between with AI assistant collectively we do over 10 million a year we're profitable and we have over 5 million users the vast majority of our growth came in the last two years using the Playbook that I'm going to share with you today so first thing I want to know is how do you think about growth as a startup yeah so how we think about growth at the highest level is just having more users today versus yesterday and having more users tomorrow versus today and the best way that we can kind of measure the progress toward this goal is just thinking about growth in terms of three pillars which is distribution conversion and retention distribution is basically just how can you get your users to know about your product how can you get them onto your landing page how can you get them to watch a video about your product on Instagram or Tik Tok conversion is when they see that video and go to your landing page how can you get them to pay for your product will they start a free trial will they convert after the free trial and then lastly is attention which is after purchasing your product how long will your user continue to use your product Are you delivering on the value that you advertised even if you conquer one of these pillars you can make a very profitable and valuable and helpful business today I'm only going to be talking about distribution and we're going to be scoping it down even further just talking about the most successful distribution Channel we had so my three-step process basically just Gathering ingredients figuring out as much as you can about your users so that you can kind of skip a lot of the iteration process as you're creating content content as you're creating accounts and then you want to basically explore try a bunch of these different hypotheses content types different creators and then once you figure out something that works the last step is just trying to squeeze as much value as you can out of these like winning content types by turning them into series or reposting them or transitioning them to paid ads okay so let's dive into the first step which is the ingredients how do you know what platforms and what content ideas are going to work yeah so to create a truly viral video you have to understand what your viewers want to see which you have to ask yourself like who are your viewers what are their interests what are they currently watching why are they watching it and how can you create content even more engaging than what they're currently watching this is the most boring part of the process will really save you months of work and increase the odds of a viral video in my opinion by a significant margin to do this you can even explicitly ask them for their Instagram handles and you can just check who they're following what do they enjoy watching in their free time so once you find a few of these influencers that your ideal user demographic follows you can then use in or Tik tok's own algorithm to help deliver you who you can sponsor or bring in house you can go to these influencers profiles and click suggest similar accounts or see what are the hashtags that they mainly post on and you'll get an easy list of hot leads that you can also follow once you have these this list of influencers you can create this new Instagram this new Instagram is basically just going to be delivering you new people that you can either sponsor or work with one of the biggest risks that come with influencer marketing is you basically you pay for a post and it really does not do well at all or maybe they were a little more successful in the past and recently maybe not so much when you have Instagram or Tik Tok deliver you influencers with kind of their own algorithm you can be sure that these influencers organically will appear on people's algorithms like they're still being served up to people okay so what are you specifically looking for in these influencers firstly it's that they have the potential at least to go viral when it comes to sponsoring influencers it what matters more to me is not really the floor of are they consistently getting 5,000 10,000 100,000 views what matters way more to me is the ceiling do they have at least one or two videos that gets 1 million 2 million 10 million views and sometimes you'll find that their sponsored videos do significantly worse than their average videos I always take that into account as well if their sponsor content always seems to flop then I'll probably reconsider these things okay so if you do this you're going to find like a million ideas how do you sort through all those ideas and find the right content formats to try so firstly you can get a lot of ideas from step one where you have the list of influencers that your users watch so you can think about what type of content are these influencers posting what sponsored content have they posted before and which of these videos have popped off like why do you personally think that they did well and then you could take these hypotheses and you know try them out if you're talking to your users you could ask them what other tools that they use that are similar to your tool or tangentially related to your tool do those tools have social media accounts what type of content are they doing you can learn a lot just from what your competitors are posting and if your angle is similar to them then you could get inspiration from what they're doing you could scroll yourself on the Tik Tok account that we talked about earlier the Tik Tok account you created just to see what the algorithm serves you and just keep scrolling until something naturally grabs your attention and that can give you ideas either you could try to emulate that hook or you could build upon that hook and say okay this is the reason why I think I stopped and I think that our users might like it if we if I tweak that hook a little bit and you can kind of start from there all right I got to stop you for one minute my conversation with David that you're watching well actually it went on for nearly 3 hours but if I posted the whole thing YouTube would bury it because to be honest it goes into some more complex and nuanced stuff that I just couldn't fit into the video so if you're actually serious about implementing a strategy like this and creating short form content I've uploaded the entire Playbook to the starter story platform if you want to get full access to it right now just click the first link in the description it's 100% free but it will only be available for very limited time just go to the first link in the description and you can download the whole thing all right I want you to dive into creating content how do you get started and what are the different variables that you test when you're creating content the variables that I suggest playing with are uh exploring different people on camera different influencers maybe even some of your friends if you're on a budget different hooks like what is the text that that shows up immediately in in the first second of the video or what is it the first thing that they say that kind of hooks you in like top 10 reasons blank or the best way to the worst thing is the I hate when whatever that hook is you want to be trying a bunch of them you try different accounts there are some instances where your account may just be no matter what you seem to do you just can't seem to get it off the ground it's just stuck kind of in like 100 300 view hell in in those cases you may want to try creating a new account with a new SIM card you could try different editing fastpac editing slow pace editing you try different lighting either making it more of like a casual more comfortable where it's just uh seems to be kind of homemade or maybe you want to try with a little bit more cinematography so those are some of the highle things that I would suggest that you you you play with but you get way more granular with the types of tests you do for Content all right so Outreach how do you actually get in touch with the influencers that are actually good and going to get views and going to drive sales to your product so I'll give you tips on how to actually reach out to influence and if you do these then I'd be genely surprised if you weren't getting some responses from them I guess the first thing is you you have to kind of be ready for ection I think that's the first barrier for a lot of people they'll send like one email or two emails to influencers and they think oh this is the perfect partnership and then they don't get a response back and then suddenly they have a little bit of trauma with like talking to the influencers or maybe they do get an email back and like it's a wildly absurd you know price point that you can't afford it and then that kind of turns people off but we don't only just send emails you got to remember that a lot of these people making content they they're not business people of their own they're just normal people They don't check their emails every day like Founders do so instead of sending email emails we send DMS as well depending on which Target demograph we're going after like DMS has a vastly high response rate but really you should be sending both like if you send an email and they don't respond you shouldn't just give up you should also send them a DM saying hey I'm the founder of such and such I'm a big fan of your content here's the type partnership we're looking for if you're interested would be awesome to partner up something like that you also don't just want to give up after the first email if an influencer had to respond to every single message they wouldn't have much time to create so you kind of have to within a few days follow up just bump up the email uh show case why you care more about the partnership and I guess dovetail into that you want to show it within the message that you send in your email or your DM it's a fine balance they need to be as detailed and as tailored as possible for each collaboration but still super concise things that you should really be doing is demonstrating that you're genuinely a fan of their content which you shouldn't have to fake because if you're building a product in this space you should be a fan of what they're doing like they're in the same space as you and they're talking to the same people that you're trying to help the difficult part is not really like faking that enthusiasm but actually showcasing it some Founders I feel like a little cold where they're just saying Hey I want to partner with you humans don't talk like that usually you want to like say I loved your latest video about this I love this specific message that you had I think that that message is you know a similar mission that we have at our product you want to really be somebody that they want to work with and show like why should they partner with you like why will Their audience love your product so you should not talk about you know extraneous things like how many employees your startup has or what fundraising round you're at or you featured on Tech crunch if you're working with influencers they really don't care about any of this stuff they they just care about creating good content and the partnership just feels more natural to them and even after all these things like I said you should expect more than 50% of influencers to not respond but the good news is the hardest part of influencer marketing was always yesterday you're always learning how to write better emails you're always learning how to contact these influencers you're spreading the worded about your product a little more these influencers you know if they do a collab with you a lot of the times they'll follow your account it's a little bit more social proof for when your users come and they check out your content or you talk to another influencer they say oh I've seen this other influencer's videos on my for you page they've worked with this account it's not that risky for me to work with that account too all right so let's talk about deals how do you structure these influencer deals and how do you get the most bang for your buck if you know what I'm saying so when you're structuring deals with influencers one high priority that you want to set is you want incentives between you and the influencer to be aligned so you should both want a great video that converts the most obvious thing is that you should try to avoid paying Upfront for the video and most May pay half upfront this because most influencers are fantastic people but some influencers will just try and drop a half-ass video once they get the money into their account and also generally just lose all of your leverage once the payment is completed you want to try to split some of the payment so that some percent of it comes from the number of conversions that they bring you and you could track this via coupon code or UTM link and if they don't want to do that they could at least you could at least give them some affiliate bonus like oh if the video gets x amount of views then will give you an additional payment on top or if the video gets a certain amount of Clicks in the link in BIO will'll also give you another bonus the other thing that comes with structuring deals with influencers is you want to pay the least amount price per video that you can and one way to do that is you could actually purchase influencer Partnerships in bundles so you could say oh let's do a partnership of maybe three videos or 10 videos right and then say how about instead of 500 for one video we do three videos for 12 00 or something like that at that point you basically pay less per video and even if the first video does not great you have these second and third videos where one of them can now pop off this allows for a cheaper price for video and also helps to build like a real relationship with an influencer you don't want to pay based on the number of subscribers or the number of followers that they have the sole question you should be asking is Will Their audience convert and like your product or will they not the landscape of social media has changed like very rapidly where someone with 50 followers could get more use in someone with 10 million followers okay so yeah incentives are really important when working with these people but what I really want to get from you are like the dirty details on the negotiation tactics I really want you to go deep on this cuz I think our audience would really really benefit uh to hear about these the the best way to do it is in my opinion is you talk to an influencer you bake everything in like you know what's the price if we get like exclusivity one instagram story we want linoln bio for an entire month oh I want exclusivity rights for this video I want usage rights for for this video juice up the the price and then they'll give you their fair price for what that is worth to them and you could say well okay well how about we just remove these things how much is this cost itself okay well let's remove that and remove that from the price and you end up with the exact price point of the only things that you need you can then say how could we get like a 30% 40% discount if we bul do a bulk order the other thing is oftentimes creators they post not just on one platform they post on Instagram reels they also have a Tik Tok they also have YouTube shorts so if you say how about you also posted on Tik Tok as well and we'll pay like 30% more it's not that much more work for them it's just the same video that gets reposted and then for you your price per video gets drastically cheaper because you're only paying 30% more for another video on top of what you already paid for and this isn't just like you're trying to like rip off the influencer that's pretty good for influencers as well because they just have a larger payment you know instead of getting up 500 bucks maybe you get a lot of videos and they end up getting $2,000 and you could say We'll order three four videos per month every month with this partnership and so now they have like a stable income to sum it up when it comes to negotiating with influencers some Founders are a little scared like they don't want to offend an influencer but you have to remember like there's so many variables at play that come with the videos like maybe with that price they expect a lot more things like they had to do a lot more things but you could talk with them and drive that price down pretty significantly if you're very transparent with them about why you came to your price and if they can meet you there people are just receptive in general if you're just a truthful honest person yeah those are just some my tips when it comes to negotiating with influencers all right so let's talk about ugc instead of hiring influencers you can bring people inhouse to create content on your branded accounts or just on accounts with no followers can you tell me about how these deals work yeah so ugc deals are as stable as it gets because you're posting like 20 to 30 videos a month maybe more right so it's fine if really 10 videos flop and then just a few videos do well some people like that having to do a sponsored deal having to really make sure that it goes viral can be stressful Some people prefer like oh okay so you will basically just give me the Playbook of what kind of videos that I should be making and I just need to post like one video a day maybe it only takes some 20 30 minutes to make the video and that comes with some base salary which is like very stable and also comes with some incentive so like if your coupon code gets more than x redemptions then we'll give you a bonus or each each Redemption that you get will give you 20% 30% of LTV of each of these users that come in or maybe we do a view incentive there's no rigid way to structure it right you should just talk with the person that you're trying to hire for the ugc deals and you can see when their eyes twinkle and then you want to obviously incentivize them the way that they're excited to be incentivized an industry standard is usually you pay like 2000ish per month it could be a little lower a little higher depending on who you're targeting but $2,000 per month and then some incentive bonus on top of it and it usually shakes out like you will probably end up making around $3,000 a month you also could actually hire influencers to become ugc creators for you if they already have an audience then usually they expect to be paid a little bit more so 3,000 to $5,000 per month with some incentive on top you can play with these numbers as much as you want you do the math yourself like okay if they can even capture like some percentage of their original audience like this could be worth it for me but you just have to make sure that there's always some incentive because it gets pretty tempting for ugc person to just phone it in just like okay I have to do my video today okay just do it in 5 minutes and just post it it's not really their fault we're all kind of victims to like we may want to take the path of least resistance if presented to us so you want to kind of also like reward them if they do well okay I want you to dive into posting strategy I think a lot of people get caught up with this how many different accounts should you have what times a day should you be posting just break down everything in terms of that strategy the most obvious thing is I think you want to be reposting all your videos on all the short form platforms like reals Tik Tok YouTube shorts it's almost arbitrary which of these platforms your video will pop off on we've had videos where the same video would do an immense amount of views on one platform and do very poorly on another platform there's my new details like when you post them you don't want to just post it with the Tik Tok Watermark obviously that's like the most obvious thing but also you want to actually rewrite the text in the hook within each of these native platforms it helps with like the SEO of the video and it helps just like make it seem less like you're just like farming Clips across multiple platforms if you are working with an influencer and they are now making ugc Conta for you initially I suggest you post videos similar to what that influencer posts on their main account the videos will probably just end up being circulated back to the followers of the main account so it's almost as though you're getting these like sponsored posts but they're not really sponsored it's now on this account that you kind of own and then once you are demonstrating like okay this account is doing well people resonate with it you can start experimenting more with videos that feature your product maybe more heavily or videos that are a little more experimental you want to post pretty frequently just every single day you should be posting at least one video in my opinion just farming hooks finding what works learning each time having a spreadsheet just having a bunch of different ideas for content and then cutting off branches okay these ones I've tested this thoroughly this is not working cut off these cut off these oh this one seems doing well why is it doing well just continually pulling on that thread until you get that like Banger video it is tempting to always say oh my videos aren't doing well must be because I'm shadowbanned you kind of want to avoid that excuse but if you are posting for like 10 days 20 days you know he like wow this is like pretty much the same quality as my competitors I'm getting 10 views they're getting a million views then you could maybe think about okay maybe I need to be either paying a friend to make an account or tell the influencer directly to make count on her phone and she just sends me the password you know kind of getting Crea with it okay I want you to talk a little bit about success what does it mean to be successful with content what are you optimizing for and what does like going viral mean to you yeah so a lot of people think that virality is like views comments shares these more superficial metrics I think these things are usually correlated with viral but at true virality is just something that infects the people that you really wanted to see your content a video with 10,000 views that somehow hits the pocket of viewers that love your product and they're immediately evangelized I would say that is like very viral and you did a good job of creating content that was able to go viral in this pocket with this community that's worth infinitely more than a viral video that got a million views but it's a lukewarm meme or it's some video where product has a mid-roll ad and people are just going to scroll over that anyways all right so we talked a lot about finding content ideas working with influencers but what happens when we create content it works it gets a ton of views what do we do next as you kind of methodically track how well your content is doing it it becomes pretty apparent that some ideas in some videos work way better than others you want to basically kill the videos that don't convert and explore variations of the better converting videos and so I've been talking a fair amount now about how to actually get to a viral video and it it' be really tedious to restart this cycle every single time but the good news is that once you have one viral video you can basically milk that Discovery into 10x or even 100x the initial views of finding that viral video so when you find that video your goal is to somehow turn that video into into a series series is kind of like basically reposting the same video over and over with subtle variations you might think this is unrealistic like how could the same video continue to go viral over and over but the unfortunate truth is that most people even you and I are creatures of habit and we just like seeing the same things so you want a video that you could basically slightly tweak and repost multiple times a week that's still fun for the audience some viral series that maybe you've seen is a guy tries to see how many sticks of spaghetti it takes to hold his weight it's sticks of spaghetti one time it's coat hangers another time when he gets really rich maybe he'll try with an iPad or something but basically it's it's a really minimal effort and it's the exact same video every single time he doesn't have to go through the entire Loop of testing out influencers testing out different hooks testing out different accounts all these things he knows that it's going to go viral every single time he just needs to tweak one small thing the actual actionable example we did a Jenny is we had a series called point of view you have a paper do or point of view an essay do and it was just a ridiculous plot of someone realizing that they have an essay do and then running to the computer and then we showcase Jenny for some reason this series did extremely well and it does not take that much creativity right you just kind of are swapping out sleeping in the first 10 seconds versus maybe walking your dog in the first 10 seconds versus maybe you're at a restaurant the second half is completely the same a realization comes and then you have to go to jny AI we probably posted that exact same video two times a week for maybe half a year and that's done hundreds of millions of views tens of thousands of paid users I would say probably over half a million dollars and it was one of several video series that we were able to cook up this is not oh you once you find a r video oh you could post it again next week and you post it again maybe the next month and then it dies out you could drill this same video multiple times a week I see some people do the same video every single day you could go from Z to 1 million with just one viral series okay that's cool but what I really want to know is how do you like truly maximize this how do you take this to the total Next Level that makes you millions of dollars yeah so it's pretty comprehensive but if you really want to maximize you want to start tweaking and posting the series not just on one account if you really want to maximize you can have multiple accounts so for example we have Jenny AI USA at so at one point we had J Germany we have jny ai Australia then you want to translate and create the same video with creators that speak different languages so we have one account where the entire account is in Mandarin once you have a video so powerful it just TR sends language it'll go viral no matter what culture no matter what language is being spoken then when you have a really Mega viral video and you kind of feel like it's on the Twilight years it's maybe fading other your competitors are copying it everyone's posting about it you can then prolong it even further by reaching out to Maybe meme Pages reaching out to these aggregate accounts they'll have ridiculously low sponsorship fees so you could pay $50 even sometimes $100 and then you could post it on account that has hundreds of thousands of followers um you know this this video has gone viral on your many accounts if you repost it here it has pretty good chance of going viral here too one caveat is like typically these meme Pages they have like the meanest comment sections you could ever imagine but it doesn't really matter because you're still getting views you're still prolonging the lifespan of your your content and eventually enough copycats will copy your video it'll get played out and then you restart a step one where you're back to finding this new viral series and you kind of go down this entire eight-step thing again all right so now we got the full framework thank you for sharing that David uh but I wanted to just have you just touch on something really quick because you mentioned it uh the multi account strategy and having multiple different accounts could you just really go into the details of that cuz I think uh that would be really helpful for people watching the multi account strategy is once you find a viral series you can start creating new accounts but this time you don't actually need to work with big creators CU you can just find charismatic ugc people that can just basically take this viral video that you've figured out and just have them remake it in the past we at one point had five different gen accounts all posting similar content five accounts across through platforms so 15 videos going out every single day many of our accounts only have like tens or sometimes hundreds of followers and they just repost or recreate stuff from our main account and in some cases which is ridiculous the account with 48 followers will get more views than our main account with 55k followers even when posting identical videos and this is why it's so important to make multiple accounts in my opinion because perhaps your video about how to use AI to help you do research only hit the engineering student side of Tik Tok but the same video would be just as helpful to polyi Majors or literature Majors by recreating multiple accounts and recreating the content you can increase the lik hood that you're squeezing as much of the upset as possible out of your piece of content and hitting all of these different pockets of Tik Tok all right the $10 million AI short form Playbook dude I think this is so awesome because this is what's actually working and you're so open to sharing everything about it which I rarely see so thank you for coming on but before you go I want to just get your advice for anyone who's going to watch this and go start actually doing this stuff what would be your advice to actually win doing this and to just get out on the best foot possible yeah basically influencer marketing is a variant of marketing that really rewards extra effort and creativity which should be great news for any founder who's willing to put in that extra work and maybe they're constrained by Capital if you can't find an influencer's email it'll be extra work to find out how to contact them but it could also mean that they'll be more impressed that you're willing to go the extra mile and find a way to make the partnership work and there's probably going to be less people sending emails if the emails are hard to find so once you get past the barrier there's just less competition for you to get that deal if you have no idea who the rising stars of your industry are it'll take a of work to you know uncover them but these Niche influencers will always be a better deal than working with huge creators that have agents and they're well-versed in how to extract as much money from you as possible it's the same with content instead of just asking your influencer to just make some boilet plate video shaling your product maybe they have some viral series that you noticed that Their audience already loves is there any way to organically add your product to that series or maybe there's some inside joke that your influencer has is there any way you could kind of do some creative play with that can you write the script to make it more organic to their tone of voice instead of just giving them the boiler play script or maybe allow them to write the script give up some of the creativity it takes a little bit of trust but maybe allow them to write it first and then you can kind of spend time to tweak it and make sure that your product is being portrayed in the way that you want to be portrayed the sad truth is very few companies and very few Founders actually put in this extra effort and the sponsorship really just devolves into the influencer doing the ad read as as if they have like a gun to their head or they just down like an entire bottle of melatonin like all the things the first few emails you send will probably be super cringe and they're probably going to get ignored and your first influence partner ship will probably be painful you'll probably lose some money but slowly your skills will compound you'll get more data and you'll get better at it so the good news is that you only need one amazing influencer to make up for all the losses of the previous 10 influencer Partnerships and so as an added bonus even the with these losses you get to keep the learnings like what you learn from these previous influence Partnerships you can use that data to find even more successful Partnerships at a more frequent hit rate so hopefully this video gives you a little bit more of an edge as you talked to influencers you could avoid some of the early mistakes that I made and I'll see you on my for you page soon hopefully thank you all right that's it that's the $10 million AI startup shortform Playbook thank you David for coming on you're coming all the way from South Korea right now which is just absolutely crazy but I appreciate the last three hours that we spent together and you breaking down everything I mean we went over so much we we went over distribution conversion and retention and then we really Dove deep on that distribution thing that whole short form Playbook uh researching reaching out to influencers structuring deals with influencers posting strategy we talked about going viral we talked about really how to milk a viral video once you get that success which is super cool uh but I hope to have you come back on and talk about conversion and retention so if you're watching this video right now uh please leave a comment to ask David to come back on and we'll do this again but otherwise I hope you guys enjoyed the Playbook we worked really hard on this video and I hope to see you in the next one peace


===== VIDEO h9R6ZeNruuI =====
TITLE: The Underdog: From $200K in Debt to $1M App Maker
DURATION: 1096.0
TRANSCRIPT:
yep start the story all that I had to my name was a debt of $200,000 my business had failed my possessions were gone my relationships had broken down my whole identity as a person disappeared this is Adam lidel and at first he thought he was a Founder genius the business was growing every year it seemed to just grow and grow I thought I was balling I thought I was invincible and I thought this is what life was always going to be like but what comes up must come down so all of a sudden my business collapsed pretty much overnight I thought that's it I'm bankrupt and I can't fulfill this this dream of mine I'll have to work for someone and do a a 9 [Music] to5 it was very very lonely I'd lost my community I'd lost my family I'd lost my business i' lost my purpose in life I would was at the absolute lowest that I could that that I've ever been when everything was at its worst Adam came across a business that would change his life forever as of last month I'm 100% debt free and the only way that I was able to achieve that was through building apps this is the story of how Adam liel went from $200,000 in debt to making $50,000 a month with a portfolio of mobile apps welcome to starter story Adam grew up in a troubled home with a lot of drug and alcohol use in his family naturally he found himself gravitating towards computers and Technology he could understand them better than he could understand people as a kid I'd be role playing having my own software business making software even at a at a young age and I really enjoyed and loved the process of just working out how the computer works working out how to create things and then in high school I started my own shareware business I was creating my own software and releasing it online I was making a few dollars on the side of my part-time job but then piracy came into it and people were downloading my apps for free and all of a sudden not generating much revenue from it Adam faced his first real setback Society expected him to follow the traditional path get a degree work a stable office job but Adam had other plans I wasn't all that great at school I didn't feel like I was the sort of person that could do a 9 to5 and I was the sort of person that could do this sitting in an air conditioned office being away from the kids is not the environment that I could see myself in so I wanted to follow my passions and turn my passions into my business Adam knows he must follow his dreams of making a living from building stuff on his computer so instead of going to college he decides to pursue a different route not realiz realizing he's about to stumble into a Gold Rush After High School I set up my own agency creating websites for businesses and this was prior to services like Wix and Squarespace at the high point of the business it was generating around about $300,000 profit per year I thought I was balling I thought that I was invincible and I thought this is what life was always going to be like this opportunity was hot and Adams agency started generating really good income within just a couple years but the success went straight to his head debt I felt was this this tool to buy things to live a lavish lifestyle now with the intention of paying it back later so I ended up just making poor decisions and ended up getting myself into $200,000 of credit debt and car loan debt and to keep up with this lavish lifestyle and the image of being a baller Adam had to increase his workload every year it seemed to just grow and grow and I didn't realize it but I was too focused on the business too focused on clients too focused on deadlines I just wasn't there with the kids and I wasn't there with the family I was too self-interested selfmotivated just fixated on what I was doing and everyone around me just had to fall into line to accomplish the goals that I wanted to achieve with my business and my finances and and the things that I wanted to purchase as the business business stayed profitable Adam could keep his head above water but he never planned for what would happen next I could no longer be charging $10,000 to build a website when people were just going to Wix or Squarespace and they could create a website for $10 a month so all of a sudden my business collapsed pretty much overnight my whole family was riing on the business it was putting a roof over everyone's head it was putting food on the table my logic was I have to work harder I have to keep persevering I to keep digging this hole that I'm in which meant lowering prices and as my prices lowered I was working more hours and it ended up resulting in a total burnout where I couldn't do any more couldn't access that higher level of thinking to even sit down on a desk to do work and I started to default on some of the debts things started falling apart slowly then all at once his cars got taken away his accounts were frozen and soon he was left with nothing all that I had to my name was a a debt of $200,000 that was unsecured now my business had failed my possessions were gone my relationships had broken down my whole identity as a person disappeared because my identity was this successful person that ran a web agency that was making good money it was very very lonely I'd lost my community I'd lost my family I'd lost my my business and lost my purpose in life I was at the absolute lowest that I could that that I've ever been Adam's life is breaking down before his eyes and with $200,000 of debt looming over him he realizes he has to find A New Path I could no longer sit in front of a computer and I just had this need to just not be in the house and I just would walk and walk and walk and I ended up coming up with the idea of if I put a lawn mower in front of me I could get paid to walk around so I got the lawn mower put an add-on air Tasker and I'd get people say hey can you mow my lawn for 20 bucks can you mow my lawn for 30 bucks and I say yes yes yes and in that process I started to sort of build my confidence again I started to build this sense of I wanted to do more again the more Lawns Adam cut the more confidence he got back in himself and his Services then one day while driving in his now secondhand car from one mowing gig to another he runs in to a problem the issue that I had was I'd have to work out where people lived plot it on Google Maps work out the best way to get to all of the clients in the most time efficient way possible and I asked some of the people that were mowing they said well it's easy you get a piece of paper you write all of your jobs down on one side that's week one you flip it over and you write all of your jobs down down on the other side that's week two and I said why why don't you use an app for that and one guy said to me well no app exists and someone should look at making it and I thought to myself I could be that someone with his passion reignited Adam sets out to build an app for lawnmowers he doesn't do it for the money but still has high hopes that the app will perform well finally it was ready I spent 6 months building this lawn mowing app I released it and it didn't actually do all that well I tried to work out why is it that this app that I have a very clear intention a use case and there's a need for it why did that fail Adam was stuck his app had failed and he had no clue why with $200,000 of debt he needed answers fast so he decides to do something crazy the best way and the only way I know how to learn something new is simply just to throw myself into and just start building so I set myself a challenge to create one app every single month Adam realized quickly that launching fast and validating ideas was the best way to approach new business ideas that's what started this whole one app a month challenge but what if you wanted to do this for a different business idea like a service-based business that only requires a website well hostinger is the fastest way to do it and they're the sponsor of today's video entrepreneurship is about speed and if you're wasting tons of time messing around with button design logos or worrying about the layout of your website then check this out the hostinger business plan comes with a sweet of AI tools and e-commerce features that will allow you to go from 0 to 1 in minutes let's say you want to build a website for your services business you can select the AI website builder add the name of your company describe what you want and voila now you have a professional brand website in minutes and don't forget to use the AI SEO tools as a solopreneur building on the internet traffic is everything and letting AI take care of the difficult details of SEO makes your life 10 times easier so if you want to stop wasting a bunch of time and launch your business quickly head to hostinger.com starter story and use the code starter story for 10% off they're running a huge sale right now and you'll want to take advantage of it while you can all right now back to Adam's story I was mowing lawns from 6:00 a.m. in the morning till 6:00 p.m. in the evening and then I would be sitting down and just building apps with the intention of I want to give back more to the world than I had taken previously and then learning as I'm doing it Adam buries himself in building these small apps with the hopes of escaping his debt his failed businesses and his crumbling personal life but reality would still come back to bite him at one stage I was taken to court over refunds for a client I looked and thought if if I get a judgment against me that's it I'm bankrupt my career as as my own independent developer stopped and I can't fulfill this this dream of mine I can't keep building apps I'll have to work for someone and do a a 9 to5 one of his past agency clients had demanded a refund and Adam didn't have the money to pay it back filing for bankruptcy would mark an end to his entrepreneurship career but it seemed like that was the only choice until a miracle happened starting this journey of building an app per month one of the first apps that I built became hugely successful it was generating around about $11,000 a month which at the time was huge and at this stage I had someone reach out who wanted to to buy the app he said I'll buy it for two times annual revenue $224,000 that was a lot of money to me I was able to pay back the amount before I ended up going to court and I was able to keep the debt collectors at B just just enough to keep my dream alive and just enough to keep creating and and building with a little beginner's luck Adam had an initial success with building apps that not only saved him from his bankruptcy but more importantly made him realize that you can actually make money with this thing that's when this business model flipped from I can create an app every month and this is a really nice creative Outlet to I can create an app every month and I can generate two years worth of revenue from that one app I thought of it like like a Runway so I'd sell an app I'd have a Runway extended and then I could try to release another app that becomes successful before my Runway runs out and that's what I did for for 2 years when Co hit Adam's lawnmowing side hustle got shut down so he threw himself into app development while supplementing his income with some freelancing on the side and for a while this worked Adam was living the dream waking up every day to build apps but he was still deep in debt and every influx of cash from an app sale only brought him a few more months of Runway then one night something happened that would make Adam rethink everything there was one instance where we went to a restaurant I wanted to get a Pepsi Max but I couldn't afford a Pepsi Max I realized in that moment what am I doing what am I doing with my life am I following a dream or a passion that isn't going to come to fruition am I going down a path that's wrong how can I be in a situation where I've still got debt over my head I can't go out for dinner and I can't even afford a a a Pepsi Max Adam realizes that the business model of building apps purely to sell them isn't sustainable so he comes up with a new strategy start building more apps so that even if each one makes only $2 to $500 a month the total revenue is still enough to keep paying off the debt and providing for his family and this is the time when chat GPT came out and there was this joke that chat GPT makes you a 10x developer so prior to that I was building an app every single month to be a 10x developer that means I would have to create 10 apps this month I worked as hard as I could to try to get 10 apps out but I failed it turns out chat GPT only made me a 9x developer because I only had nine nine apps released that brought me out of the grind of building selling building selling where the apps themselves I had enough in my portfolio to generate enough Revenue that I no longer had to sell an app to keep a pipeline going I now had a consistent Revenue that was coming in month after month which now could pay down all my debts pay the rent and take my family out for dinner I've lost track of how many apps I've built it's over 50 at this stage I've sold quite a few and I've built quite a few so I can't remember exactly how many apps and in July I set up my YouTube channel and I thought I'm going to do some tests with my apps and see what works what doesn't work and then give some feedback on the channel I created a new pay wall and I created a new onboarding flow and that turned my revenue from generating $10,000 a month to $50,000 per month pretty much overnight so for the last couple of months it's been consistently going up and each month the business is making around about 50,000 to $60,000 the reality of that hasn't even set in that let me pay down all of my debts last month no longer in hardship payments no longer have 4 years of debt payments to go now I can provide a really comfortable lifestyle for myself and and my family while also letting me do what I'm passionate about which is building and creating I'm often asked all the time what ideas should I create for an app how can I how can I do this and nine times out of 10 the motivator is I want to build something to make money but from my experience if you don't have the passion you don't have the creativity and you don't have the drive behind you then it's going to be just as bad as being in debt just in bad just as bad as having chains on you you're going to be stuck in something that you don't want to build stuck in something you don't want to create so the best way to sort of work out what apps can be created is just a simp live life go out there and then try to work out where there's a need for an app or where there are apps that aren't doing a good enough job and that's where all of my Inspirations come from and what I've learned is the more you put out into the world that has a positive impact or a positive net positive result the money and the revenue flow as a byproduct of that passion as a byproduct of building as a byproduct of creating I couldn't get out of bed in the morning I felt so overburdened by the world that no matter what I did I'd still have debt and I'd still have people chasing me I'd still have clients upset with me all I could do was just put my head under the blankets and just not even get out of bed but everybody seems to have this ability or this drive in them to create something and it seems to be from my own experience the antidote to depression and the antidote to that feeling of being alone and lost and that's the advice that I would give which is follow those motivating passions that are actionable that make you want to learn and make you want to build hey guys Pat here I hope Adam's story inspires you and motivates you to start your own thing Adam is proof that you don't have to have the perfect situation to get started as long as you show up every day good things can happen if you're curious about doing something similar to Adam but you're still looking for an idea well right now you can download our deep dive solo Dev report for free it breaks down 50 different solo developer business ideas and apps like Adam built including their business models Revenue marketing strategies and tons of other stuff you'd want to know to help you get started on your own thing that can actually start making money just click the link to business ideas in the description and we'll send it over for free also I'd love to hear more what you thought about this documentary and and what you'd like to see on the channel going forward please drop a comment I make sure to read every single one all right guys much love I'll see you in the next one very soon peace [Music]


===== VIDEO BeRKQkU5Ceo =====
TITLE: The Underdog: From Life Changing Accident to $100M/Year
DURATION: 978.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I mean man my life has been so wild when I was 19 years old I was going off a big jump and I landed on my back shattered my spine and was paralyzed instantly that was literally Rock Bottom this is Ryan Chen a guy who let no obstacle stand in his way I worked in the organic chemistry lab then I worked at Hulu and then I think I found my true calling in just like being a builder being an entrepreneur so he went all in I cashed out my 401k to get like the first R&D samples to pay for legal fees to form the company we're basically just living off of like credit card points and then using the company funds for just meals and just that was it after 4 years of grit the business finally worked we were at Skyhigh off Shark Tank the business was growing and I was like somebody's going to try to take this business away from us some lady sued us we we would have won if we got to court but getting us to court would have bankrupted us this is the story of how Ryan Chen and his best friend Kent built a $ 100 million Company by overcoming the odds welcome to starter story Ryan grew up in an immigrant family of entrepreneurs with a natural ambition to become more he started his childhood playing sports at an extremely high level National Kendo team cross country state champ but when he went to college his Ambitions to become an athlete took a turn when I was 19 I was at a friend's birthday party and I was going off a big jump out in Big Bear California and I over rotated on the jump and and I landed on my back shattered my spine and was paralyzed instantly and literally my life changed in a split second and I basically spent 6 months in the hospital going through surgeries going back to school part-time and also part-time rehab and that was literally Rock Bottom in my own head I would I would go through scenarios where I'm going to be a burden I'm going to slow people down is this life worth living I was kind of you go down this like Spiral right and that was about a year two years of really depression and and figuring out what can I make of this situation so Ryan was really struggling to accept his new self but luckily he had some true friends by his side it took one of my best friends Marcus to me like hey like come on this trip with us we're road tripping from LA to Austin we're filming this documentary called No cameras allowed that was the first big trip I did with a group of friends after my accident and I think I was like one I yes I can travel two I felt like I was closed off before where I only wanted to talk to people who knew me versus like now I'm like this is who I am this is like what I represent and it was like this fundamental like mindset [ __ ] for me if oh I can do [Music] this the reason why I'm alive and and and well is because of the support system I've had and I I'm extremely grateful for having two parents that supported me sister all my friends and family that without pushing me they were just there one of my best friends said that hey man you're still the same guy but now you're just in the chair chilling and I think that perspective also was like oh I'm still the same person I just get from point A to point B in a wheelchair and sometimes I'm faster because wheels are pretty fast one of Ryan's biggest supporters was his college best friend and eventual business partner Kent I met him my first day uh freshman year in college so it was like one of those things that you you meet somebody and you click we bonded over video games and Super Smash and uh we just stayed friends we would go out to eat we'd go out to party we'd uh Bond over Fitness he was training like I think 6 hours a day at the time with both of them having a passion for Fitness the boys were constantly looking for ways to increase their performance during training I was training for the par Olympic team at the time Kent was training with the Olympic jeto team out in Japan and we were both very focused on Fitness at this point we were taking pills during training for Not Just Energy but for Focus especially and the pills were made in Kent's dorm room mixing powders racatan parasan for things like lucid dreaming different types of creatine and we've changed the formula so many times right like we hope that could be like the recipe that's like that secret formula recipe that people want not thinking much about it Kent and Ryan were experimenting with different pill formulas and getting different results then one day Ryan got an email that would end up sparking an idea I got this group on email for you know 50% off on scuba diving and I knew that Kent would be down and we were both in between graduation starting our first jobs and I was like hey do you want to get scuba certified and of course he said yes and so we're on this boat we meet all these really cool people getting scuba certified with us we didn't have the energy pills but even if we did I think sharing it with people you had just met would be like oh no I'm okay that was the aha moment of like what if we can make supplementation more accessible and approachable by putting these great ingredients instead of pill form into gum and mints and and that was that was our idea the seed was planted but Ryan and Kent couldn't Risk Everything to follow this dream so they had to go get real jobs so I started off as a financial analyst for Hulu Kent worked as a music producer for Sony Music we both just had this idea in the back of our heads like we want to launch neurog gun this is such a great idea but one we didn't have the funding to do and two no one taught us about how to start a company or how to build a business so we were both kind of just saving up some money and then putting that into the business of like starting some type of fund and I cashed out my 401k which I highly don't recommend people doing but that was the risk that we were willing to take it was just like a year of like R&D trying to find a manufacturer that would even pick up our calls and take us seriously Ryan and Kent knew they had to follow their dream so they went all in spending all their savings on the initial research and development and a couple of samples and finally they got the product back we had all these different formulas and and I would sample them around to like all of my co-workers at Hulu so like my managers other people in the finance team my manager was like yo mother eer he was like I was up till 3:00 a.m. I couldn't sleep and I was like that's me I was like so the product works he was like yeah product works but I couldn't sleep cuz there was like you know he was just like so wired and and so I knew that we had something Ryan and Kent finally had something great but literally zerar to make another batch and Market it to customers with their backs against the wall the boys had one last desperate shot to make their dream come true crowdfunding we officially launched on Indiegogo Kent Luckley was a big redditor so he got the Reddit new ICS group to support and I think we hit like our goal like of 30k in like 3 or 4 days Time Magazine wrote an article saying like half native gum is now a thing and then we got invited to Dr Oz and all of a sudden we had a lot of people moms who watch Dr Oz buying the gum and it worked Ryan is proof that with a good idea and some attention you can start moving products and make money but that can only happen if you have a website to sell your products on and the fastest way to do that is by using hostinger the sponsor of today's video entrepreneurship is about speed if you're wasting tons of time messing with button design logos or worrying about the layout of your website then check this out the hosting or business plan comes with a suite of AI tools and e-commerce features that will allow you to go from 0 to one with a website in minutes let's say you want to build a website for your e-com brand you can select the AI website builder add the name of your brand and describe exactly what you want to do and voila now you have a professional brand website in minutes and if you want to tailor it more to your liking it's as simple as a drag and drop and don't forget to use the AI heat map as an Ecom brand conversions are everything and the AI heat map will tell you how to improve your customer experience and help you increase those conversions if you want to stop wasting tons of time and launch your brand website quickly head to hostinger.com starter story and use the code starter story for 10% off they're running a huge sale right now and you'll want to take advantage of it while you can now back to Ryan's story after seeing some initial success in raising $30,000 from strangers on the internet Ryan and Kent knew it was time to truly get their hands dirty when we first launched we were working at Hulu and Sony Music respectively for Kent for like a year and a half the first 4,000 lb of gum was sitting in Kent's apartment we didn't have a warehouse like Kent's apartment in downtown La was the warehouse and we'd ship 4,000 lb of gum going to USPS every day in those moments we're like okay things are working it's like a slow grind and the first year I think we did like a little over 100k and then year two was like 750k and then we're like oh wait this is like this can be a real thing 2 years into the business the boys realize that nuro has outgrown Kent's apartment and they have a tough choice before them keep it as a side hustle or go all in I think Kent and I both trusted each other we knew that this product helped a lot of people and we had so much user feedback and we would see the number of repeat buyers and the percentage of repeat buyers as a percent of Revenue so we knew that we had some type of base and some type of adoption rate right so when we first left our jobs it felt very real when we no longer had a stable paycheck right we had to like survive off of like what we were making and like eat what you kill kind of per se year three year four I don't think we took any salary I I think we're basically just living off of like credit card points and then using the company funds for just meals and just that was it I was playing semi-professional poker to kind of make rent we had so many inventory challenges couldn't get the products in time we were sold out we weren't uncertain about freight cost raw ingredients we've had products that get stuck on the border that's like three four five six weeks out of border and then you're just losing money there's so many things that you go through in the business that are are not Glitz and glamour it's it's like a grind and and you're kind of in the trenches and at the end of the day it's like who do you want to go go into battle with and like I want to go into battle with my best friend because I trust him Ryan and Kent are struggling to get nuro to the point of a stable scalable business not just a startup they're desperately looking for a way to crack the code and then something crazy happens 2019 a group of investors were just like hey guys like you guys have such a great story you should tell this story at think Shark Tank would be a great way for you guys to tell the story they convinced us I didn't want to do it to be completely honest Kent was like we should do it like they're right it's great for marketing but it's really great to get an investment we got two offers that were like below what we were asking for and Kent and I just had this floor we're like we're just not going to go below this and we stuck to our guns the boys walked away from the sharks with no money in their pockets but little did they know the exposure and connections they just got would change their lives forever it's been like a step change right it's not just like linear or just hockey stick it's like you grow and then it's this and then there's another big milestone that you hit I think we had a big step change with Shark Tank the business was growing and I was like somebody's going to try to take this business away from us some lady sued us for um a trademark we we would have won if we got to court but getting us to court would have bankrupted us and I reached out to investors friends and no one really was that helpful four years in thousands of hours of work poured into this business it was on the verge of bankruptcy but then Ryan remembered a guy named Daniel lubetsky one of the sharks from Shark Tank Hail Mary I DM Daniel leeski on Instagram and I said hey Daniel I don't know if you remember me but me and Kent were on Shark Tank you were our guest judge we loved you you mentioned that if I ever needed some advice I can reach out to you I really need your help on something and he messaged me back and I told him about this trademark lawsuit about this lady who is suing us he hopped on a phone call with us right away for 18 months consulted us defended us he was talking to his lawyers our lawyers their lawyers her he was like Hey listen like at the end of the day if you if this goes to court you know Ryan and Kent are going to win based on Merit and it's going to cost you a lot of money and it's going to cost me a lot of money because I'm going to back all their legal fees and Ken's like like you know she's worth like $300 million and Daniel OBET is like I'm worth 3 billion turns out not making a deal on Shark Tank didn't matter they made a friend that would save their business and with all the legal stuff cleared nuro went on a well-deserved growth hot streak you know we've been really fortunate with Organic earned media so like I said Shark Tank was huge for us we've had a lot of major celebrities kind of talk about our product organically Ashley Graham a lot of professional baseball players Steve Aoki is actually a huge neuro user Joe Rogan big fan of neuro he talks about it organically none of that's paid Andrew Schultz a lot of people just have been picking up nuro and just kind of talking about it so I think we're a top 10 Tik Tock shop brand we're continuing to go viral on different videos that people are repurposing from Joe Rogan mentioning us or Shark Tank or different videos that our teams are doing but it's just all kind of compounds and adds so I think like I said it's like years 1 through 5 is like the hardest part to get to that kind of inflection point it was until like year 7even where we're really taking like a very good salary and and and things started to click we are now doing almost $10 million a month one of the the things that we're really proud of is like we had employee satisfaction survey and I think we had like 96% satisfaction rate that's like my most proud stat this year despite the revenue like has been amazing it's just like to see the team engaged and to see the the organizations that we can help impact and donate to like good to good causes like it's been awesome I mean man my life has been so wild you know it's like obviously like no one expects to go through an accident I've gone through but then to be able to pick yourself up from Rock Bottom through the support of others it's surreal you know it's it's really wild and I asked my dad one time I was like Hey like how do you define success and and this was years after my injury my dad said that success is defined by how high you bounce back from Rock Bottom and that that really stuck with me cuz he was like you know you you hit rock bottom and you [ __ ] bounce back higher than anybody could have imagined and so yeah I feel like I'm happier now than I was as an angsty teenager when I was like 18 19 and I think there's whenever there's like a door that closes I think there's like two more that open and I think it's just like about you just going through that door Ryan is proof that entrepreneurship is for everyone doesn't matter current situation or your current skills or your current income the truth is nothing will ever be perfect so you just have to start if you don't start then all the dreams you have in your head will have a 0% chance of coming to life I hope you guys are all inspired after watching Ryan's story and I hope it's enough for you to just take that one step of action today and if you're ready to take that first step today then you should definitely download our free deep dive of 50 AI business ideas that you can start right now I put a link at the bottom of the description so just head over there if you want me to send those over to you all right I'll see you in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO yue9in5oh64 =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $20K/Month AI App as a Non-Technical Founder
DURATION: 909.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I've just built an AI Resume Builder is a side project that is currently doing and its second month about $20,000 a month how does this guy make $20,000 a month from a simple website well it's because of two letters AI right now you can get open AI credits dirt cheap and I don't think it'll be like that forever but there are plenty of AI apps out there that don't make any money so I had to give Colin a call to see actually how he grew this thing to 20 ,000 a month so quickly and turns out there is just one very specific thing that gave him this advantage in this video Colin breaks down his unique AI business blueprint including how to find and validate an idea using AI the launch strategy that made him $1,000 in his first week and the hiring strategy he uses to scale this side project on autopilot this is not my full-time job I have built this to scale without me now let's dive I'm Pat walls and this is starter story welcome back to starter story Colin tell us about who you are and what you built yeah so I'm Colin Macintosh I am founder and CEO of a company that some people probably have heard of because I've done a starter story before with it called sheets and Giggles but funny enough I'm actually here to talk about sheets res.com which is an AI Resume Builder that I created with a friend it's $99 for Lifetime access $29 for one week access in our second month of business we did $220,000 of sales that's nearly 100% margin as well so it has been extremely rewarding for me already as a side project and I am really thrilled to be helping as many people out as I am wow so you built this AI tool to $20,000 a month in Just 2 months as a side project that's very impressive man tell us now why building an AI business right now is such a massive opportunity so the cool thing about AI is I don't have to code to teach the AI nor do my developers a resume review probably would take me three hours I would say to do but now I can do 20 30 100 1,000 resume reviews a day with this AI that I built for a fraction of the price and infinitely more people will be able to use my service and my advice than were so the one thing I wish I could do differently about sheets and Giggles is not start the company in 2017 and start it in 2024 it has never been easier for someone to start a business but I would recommend that people like move very quickly because right now you can get open AI credits dirt cheap and I don't think it'll be like that forever they're just doing user acquisition right now on their end clearly right now is the best time to be building an AI and like Colin said this opportunity won't last forever if you're anything like Colin and you want to take advantage of this opportunity and start making money with AI right now then head to the first link in the description to get this free list of 200 plus AI money-making ideas this is the easiest way to find an idea for an AI business especially if you don't know where to start or what you should build it includes a bunch of unexplored ideas the niches they serve and even how you can get started on those ideas right away I personally found that how to get started section really helpful because it gives you something that you can act on right now just head to the first link in the description to download it for free this list was made by HubSpot which is today's video sponsor a big shout out to them for this free resource HubSpot is awesome that's crazy I mean all this AI stuff is just nuts but what I want to know is a little bit more about how you got into resumés and Entrepreneurship can you tell me a little bit more about your backstory yeah yeah sure so I started my career at the world's largest hedge fund a place called Bridgewater Associates in Connecticut I got fired in 5 months ended up getting hired as a recruiter at the company that hired me at Bridgewater and I adored recruiting and I just had such a strong affinity and natural talent for it and around February 2018 I was just on Reddit somebody had posted the resume and I gave them a bunch of feedback and I was like he this is wrong this is wrong you're not going to get a call back with this like you got to change this up and I got like 500 up votes and then I got a bunch of people replying to me being like you know hey can you can you look at my resume like can you please check this out that was kind of one of my first moments where I was like man no one knows how to make a good resume okay so you find out that the common knowledge that you have about résumés isn't really common but what happens after that I just sat down and I wrote out a whole long resume guide of dos and don'ts and that post on Reddit blew up so much that it is now the first result on Google for resumé advice Reddit it was the top post on the job subreddit for for like years and over the last 6 years since 2018 I've given away so much of my time and energy answering questions on this Reddit post that continue to flow in I'm talking probably 20,000 questions that I've gotten over the last 6 years from people but then last year I asked my friend Nate my old recruiting partner who hired me at my first job do you have time to do resume reviews for people because it's just like the Matrix for us like we can just see a resume and know what's wrong with it so we started doing resumé reviews for like a couple hundred bucks the demand was out of control I didn't have time for all the people that we could could help raised our price to 300 then 400 bucks and eventually get to the point where I was not comfortable raising the price anymore because there are so many people that are going through this time in their life and they don't have the cash that one day earlier this year Nate said hey why don't we build like an AI version of this you know he's currently a software engineer at Eventbrite took about 4 months for him to build it I I just gave him kind of my ux notes and what I think it should look looked like I trained the AI on like my rules for a resume and we launched it August 26th of this year and within one week we had gotten our first $1,000 day that's awesome so basically you just took the skill that you already had and you turn it into a $250,000 per year business with the help of AI let's now talk about how our viewers on starter story could do something similar how can anyone get started with an idea for such a business so I do think that the question that people should be asking themselves is like what do I do better than anyone else in the world and then just help people like put good things into the world that are helpful for free for the purpose of being helpful prove out that you're solving a person's problem and especially if you can prove out you're solving a lot of people's problems then eventually you can monetize solving that problem if you help people in something that you're good at you're going to build that incredibly strong trustworthy reputation that you're going to carry for the rest of your life gotcha so get good at something start helping people with that thing and eventually they'll be willing to pay you for it once we've done that though how do we go from zero to one in terms of actually building a product how do you get going from zero to one well first validate the idea by doing it for people in a way that either isn't for sale or doesn't scale and then you can build a brand identity map to understand what the brand will look like how it will talk to people how it will engage with people what the value propositions are the demographics that you're going after that's the document that I recommend everybody do first is a brand identity map and Tech Stars actually has a wonderful one for free then I would probably build out a business plan so like a little two-pager about what you want to do why it's different the products already on the market maybe five or six or seven points of differentiation and really flush out the business idea on a two-page piece of paper then people should not use AI for any of this any of it should not that all right so once we have a clear understanding of how the business is going to look like how do we actually build it since you're not a technical person yourself how did you manage to get a software engineer as a co-founder on board you're not going to ever convince some random software engineer to work on something with you that is like your idea without paying them a lot of money nor should they I'm 34 years old I've been working like a dog since I was 22 by the time that it came time to build this whether it was working with Nate one:1 for for years and staying in touch over the last decade where we haven't worked together for it was all the redditors I've helped out one to one and in fact Nate and I found a third parter in the business from Reddit I split this three ways with these two other guys I just give them the features and the notes and the things that I want to build and my vision and I cannot tell you how freeing it has been for me in my time I probably spend 5 hours 10 hours a week maximum on this project so that that would be my best advice is like work your ass off be kind to people be the business partner that you would want to work with and then eventually you're going to find someone who wants to build something really really special with you if you're not a technical founder that's that's really good advice after you guys built Sheet's resume how did you launch it and make that $1,000 in its first week so initially we launched it for free we just wanted to see if people would use it I edited into my my post I said hey there's this new Builder we built and and I'm really proud of it and we were blown the away by the usage statistics I think we built in the first like week I don't even know how many thousands of resumés for people for totally for free and it was like this huge boost of Word of Mouth where people were just like immediately this is amazing I got to tell everybody about this we turned on pricing I think a week a week in 99 for Lifetime access seems to be the sweet spot for people and then we have a $29 onewe option for people that are just like hey I just need this as I'm starting my job search but we also don't want to do monthly subscriptions because I do find that predatory and we want to make sure that we're not taking advantage of anyone during a you know a hard time in their life awesome so you launched sheets resume got a bunch of free users and some paid ones after you turned on the pricing but how did you end up making $20,000 in the second month of running the business what user acquisition channels worked best for you so the beautiful thing about this is that it's not about the money it's about like helping people on this journey and if you get helped on your way by somebody and that really personal onetoone way whether you got a refund or you got it for free from me or you just really loved it when you bought it and you're like this is amazing that word of mouth is huge it's it's so invaluable So to that end I've said okay what other things can I do to get word out about this Resume Builder that are going to scale with without my time first and foremost we just hired an affiliate marketing agency I did set up some rudimentary Google ads like a training mechanism for Google's algorithm and then the organic traffic I've got multiple posts on Reddit how to build a resume the top 10 questions I get during a job hunt how to interview how to negotiate salary that's like a big SEO hack is like just piggyback off of reddit's incredible SEO and you can link to your products or to your company somewhere in there but it should not be the front and center call to action because then people will be suspicious of your intentions then they may not you know react as strongly as they should to like what is valuable content so you have to want to help people and they have to believe it I love this approach now let's get a little bit more technical what's the tech stack you've been using to build this business so the stack that we're using is open AI Gemini it's a PHP app built with the Laurel framework rest API and that sort of thing so AWS it's not it's not overly complex and then we just use Gmail stripe for payment processing Mercury bank for Banking and I mean yeah it's not an overly involved company this is like my mission to give back and help people it is so damn fulfilling dude gets me out of bed in the morning nice awesome are there any other tools that you'd recommend for Founders there are more tools available for solopreneurs and entrepreneurs than there ever have been get an AI chat bot for your website that reduces customer care tickets and increases conversion plug into AI customer care services do AI image and video content generation do long form videos like this and then feed them to an AI and chop them up into 10 or 20 second interesting blocks but go do it now because these tools are the lowest they're ever going to be and so I hope more people see this and they're like  I'm going to go start my own AI business or my own my own thing that I can scale I I love it man if you're comfortable sharing it what are the profit margins for Sheets res.com dude it's close to 100% margin product I'd say we're probably operating around 90% net margins when it comes to the sale it just enables so much more ability to to help people for free so cool man now last question we ask all founders we interview what would be your advice to any entrepreneur just starting out right now start a business that's my advice if you feel like you're at a point in your life where you have an expertise you understand a problem you think you can build a solution you feel disillusioned with working at a large company or another company and you're and you're tired of taking orders I cannot tell you the value and the learning that you're going to get out of starting your own company versus staying the course if your worst case scenario is that you're just going to keep doing what you're doing philosophically I would just tell you like get started do it it's not as scary as you think and your worst cas scenario is the one that you're already living in which is a pretty awesome thing to say start the business as Colin said the worst case scenario is that nothing happens and you're still in the same spot as before you don't need thousands of dollars or an entire Dev team you just need an idea in action I appreciate all of you for watching these videos and hopefully they continue to inspire you but watching is not as valuable as doing action is the thing that's going to get you to the position that you actually want to be in a position of freedom freedom to work on the things you enjoy and make a living while doing it but if you're still struggling to take action or you don't know where to start then I highly recommend that you check out the starter story Academy it's the community I wish I had when I first started and it's got a road map to help you find an idea build it get those first users and make those first few dollars just head to the first link in the description if you want to learn more about it much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO 5u9u8yzPEpA =====
TITLE: He Made $10M with 3 iPhone Apps
DURATION: 1224.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I taught myself to code with chat GPT and my apps have made over $10 million to date how did this guy make over $10 million with three iPhone apps after learning how to code less than 2 years ago well two letters AI now with the Advent of chat GPT and the popularization of AI there's so many different problems that you can solve either in different ways or a decreased cost in order to solve it I spent over an hour talking to Blake to figure out the truth behind how we actually built these million dooll AI apps and how other builders can take advantage of the same opportunity and he shares it all including his process for finding million dooll AI ideas and validating them his blueprint for building an app from scratch as a complete beginner and the marketing strategy that is making him Millions Tik Tok and Instagram are very solvable right now you can figure out the various influencer strategies to funnel millions of people to your product now let's get into the details I'm Pat walls and this is starter [Music] story welcome man it's nice to have you tell us about who you are and what you built yeah absolutely my name is Blake Anderson in one year I taught myself how to code with AI the first app that I built was called Riz GPT it's at 2 and2 million in annual revenue the second app that I built was called umax once again came up with the idea designed and built the application and led the majority of the marketing in the past year we've done almost $5 million in Revenue then the third app that I co-founded was called CI this one I also came up with the idea for though I did not build the actual application I helped with the designs but I have two amazing co-founders that lead operations on that CI uh was launched about 6 months ago and is now doing over a million dollars in Revenue per month okay so you built not one but three successful AI apps that are doing almost $20 million per year tell me about this opportunity in apps right now okay this is a great question there are two primary reasons that apps are so lucrative right now the first is the Advent of chat GPT and the popularization of AI there's so many different problems that you can solve either in different ways or at a decreased cost in order to to solve it with Riz GPT it would have been virtually impossible to build a AI dating assistant without the use of llms and number two is novel distribution techniques Tik Tok and Instagram are very solvable right now you can figure out the various influencer strategies the user generated content strategies organic account growth strategies to funnel millions of people to your products and I don't think that the algorithms were as optimized for new accounts to be be able to generate millions of views a few years ago but now that they're all in bloodbath competition with one another they have to incentivize new creators and so they'll push more views to new accounts than they did previously all right so essentially apps have become way easier to build and Market recently which is why they're a great business to start for anyone that's watching this right now but let's go back I want you to actually share the story of how you got started with this whole thing I've always been fascinated by entrepreneurship always hustl throughout childhood figuring out new ways to make money mowing lawns raking leaves shoveling Drive waves then in high school I was still hustling like I built an ethereum mining machine back in 2016 or 2017 scaled Instagram meme pages but to be honest I drank way too much alcohol did too many drugs really just prioritized like partying and living a relatively degenerate lifestyle after college so senior year I'm graduating all of my friends have great jobs in New York City making six figures and I had nothing you know I had moved back home family isn't doing well financially house is going up on the market my older brother is giving me loans for groceries I was like okay I got to figure something out I do not want to get a full-time job and I set a goal for myself right as I graduated college I was like over the course of the next 12 months I will figure out a way to make $50,000 on my own all right so you're back at your parents house borrowing money from from your brother to buy groceries but you set this crazy goal for yourself to make $50,000 over the next year I suppose this is where your first app Riz gbt comes into play right how do you get started with it yeah we had friends that would send in fraternity group chats or whatever group chats with guys saying like what should I say to this girl and we figured that we could build an app to help people respond to girls I taught myself to code with chat gbt in the month of uh May June 2023 and then we launched in July of 2023 the first version of the app was so bad I built this myself we didn't have notifications we didn't have reviews The Design was a mess the pay wall was terrible and the first few promos go out and it doesn't really do anything few downloads we're making a few bucks and then I find these two underground kind of undiscovered creators I pay them each $50 for promo so $100 total and overnight 5 10 million views total 45,000 downloads in that first big day 200,000 downloads on that week 500,000 downloads on the month we're at 80k Mr from the jump that's pretty much all profit we ended up scaling it to a little bit over 250k Mr and then it kind of dropped down in plateaued to like 150 to 200k Mr consistently and that's where it's at Now Blake is proof that you don't need the perfect app or website to start making thousands of dollars off an idea all you need is an an MVP in a smart marketing strategy but you also need to make sure that you're working on a solid idea that's why I created the starter story Academy a place that helps you find an idea validate the idea with real feedback and shows you how to execute on that idea so you can get those first users so if you're curious about building a software product like Blake and hundreds of other Founders just like him head to the first link in the description to check out the academy now back to the video all right Blake you're story is insane mobile apps totally change your life yeah now let's talk about how our viewers could do something similar everything starts with an idea right what do you think are some of the mobile app ideas that could be turned into millions of dollars right now yeah number one I think that there are a lot of fragmented tools it's like AI LinkedIn image generator or like AI resume analysis but I think that there's massive opportunity to build a career AI style platform where you roll up all these tools into one platform and brand it as like if you're a student and you want to get a job this is the platform to help you do so uh and you could build that in a mobile app as well as a web app next up language learning the chat gbt advanced voice mode it's pretty incredible it's like actually a personal tutor Duolingo is making $33 million a month multiply that by 12 and we get like $400 million per year you capture 1% of that market and you have a $4 million annual application on your hands that's crazy honestly to me it seems like you're the type of person that never runs out of ideas no matter how many things you build so let's talk about that what are your methods for finding winning ideas I've used honestly different methods of finding the idea for each app that I've worked on with Riz GPT it was very clear problem that I had observed with people that I know people don't know what to say on dating apps and you build an app to solve it umax on the other hand was identified a little bit more opportunistically when people want to become more attractive they're willing to spend money on it they were spending money on skin care Hair Care Gua Sha the whole nine yards but there didn't exist any software to solve the problem that people were having when you find a niche that's heavily monetized with physical products that's a good indicator that the niche converts it's also a good indicator that you can probably build a software or application to solve a problem within it I think that there's still a lot of room for like an all-in-one AI glowup applic umax was kind of like the first iteration but if someone were to put real time investment into building a super valuable application here that really helps people improve I think that there's still uh millions and millions on the table there all right man thank you for sharing that now that we have not only the exact ideas that could be built right now but also your methods for coming up with more winning ideas do you have a specific process for validating these ideas my validation process primarily looks like a deep dive into the uh Niche on social media so what I'll do is I'll create an account say Cal and then purely consume nutrition and dieting and calorie counting weightlifting content essentially becoming the target market or Target demographic and then thinking about what it is that I want and then just build that okay gotcha putting yourself in your customer shoes is how you know they'll buy now let's talk about actually build the app what's amazing to me is how you're able to learn design coding and distribution in such a short amount of time and make millions with those skills if you were to restart from scratch today having nothing but the idea in mind how would you build it if I were to restart and build apps today here are the tools that I would use number one for design figma learning how to use figma will be one of the greatest unlocks in ensuring that the application that you put into the market is actually us now what I would recommend for anybody designing to do is to use references I'm grabbing different apps that have similar functionality and design to what I'm looking to build and then using that to inform kind of my design process right even if you yourself don't intend to be a designer you need to be able to work in figma to work with designers whether you hire them off upwork or work with someone internally number two when it comes to building what I would recommend is that you build in react native with the EXP Expo framework using cursor as your IDE then finally when it comes to marketing the two primary methods that I would recommend are influencer marketing and doing internal ugc so influencer marketing is when you find somebody that already has a platform or an audience and you pay them to promote your product internal ugc is where you or someone that you hire creates content based around your application and then post that to accounts branded around your application and if you are creating content yourself in the early days you're going to want to use cap cut to do so and you can do a combination of slideshows and faceless video content or content where you're speaking directly to the camera the most important note here when it comes to marketing is constant iteration be ruthless about how you iterate try out different strategies and as soon as you find something that is able to produce profitable returns for the company based on the time and or money investment you double down and double down and double down on that I want to double click into marketing because I see a lot of Founders struggling to get eyeballs on their products what are the mistakes that you see people making most when it comes to figuring out marketing yeah I think that where a lot of people get lost in marketing is they think okay I will just DM influencers and expect a response within 24 hours they'll DM 10 influencers and they get no responses they go oh this is so hard and I'm like no you're just you're not getting creative with with Riz GPT the Creator is making the most profitable content most of them were like 18 19 years old they're just doing it for fun and so getting in contact with him was really difficult I would find that one of them had a Discord link hidden in their Instagram bio or something and I would join that Discord and I would send a message every 10 minutes until the person responded there were guys that I was dming their mom saying hey get me a contact with your son I want to pay him money all right now let's talk about how to make money once you have those it balls how should people watching this right now actually monetize their app the primary monetization model for most apps is subscription everybody that I know that makes a lot of money on apps uses subscriptions generally I try to go with lower price points for a couple of reasons one I want as many people as possible to be able to use my applications people are more likely to tell their friends about it get generally more positive user sentiment on social media but then it also is more sustainable for long-term growth and you know a lot of apps charge significantly higher price points which leads me to the most important point which is you should use super wall super wall enables you to split test different offerings so different price points whether it's weekly yearly monthly at different points in the app being able to test these different offerings and different placements within the app can take you from making x per user that downloads to 1.5 or 2X awesome okay so far we've only talked about the positives of building apps but surely there are some pitfalls right what are the main expenses you have of running Ai mobile apps and how can people minimize them to stay profitable yeah so Apple charges 15% but for whatever reason it's really closer to 20% of Revenue up to your first million dollar in earnings beyond that Apple charges 30 but really Clos to like 33% one thing that people significantly overestimate is like the cost of AI in the back end unless you're doing image generation or using advanced voice mode AI costs are sub 3% the bulk of the expenses are usually attributable to marketing and staff if you're doing that content creation yourself you can do it on your own but one of the reasons that internal ugc is great is that you usually see somewhere around like 50 to 80% profit margins people doing influencer marketing you usually see somewhere in the range of like 25 to 70% and then people doing paid ads you generally see like 0 to 30% so in-house organic content might be the way to go if you don't want to spend all your profits on marketing and on that same topic are you comfortable sharing your profit margins so after influencer marketing after Apple's cut after server processing that sort of thing Riz GPT I don't think I can talk about unfortunately cuz it's run by my other co-founders umax does a little bit over $100,000 profit a month consistently used to do more k I uh does a few hundred th000 in profit a month okay another sensitive question sorry about it but I'm just curious what made you leave the Riz GPT team left because one of my co-founders and I were constantly going head-to-head about like who's at the Helm of the company essentially what I said to him was like okay we can't work together anymore either you run the company and I keep my Equity or I run the company and you keep your equity and he wanted to continue running it which I was like great I'm going to go work on new projects all right thanks for being transparent about that now I'm going to go a bit easier on you let's talk about technology what's the tech stack honestly my stack looks like figma cursor cap cut Mercury for banking that's actually pretty big Mercury is the best platform for startup banking in the US upwork for occasional contracted work one upwork method I would recommend for anyone considering hiring off of there hire like five to 10 guys to do an hour or two of work and then stick with the best guy that tends to work very well coding languages react native and no JS yeah pretty pretty straightforward nothing special all right man let's talk about some personal stuff what are you up to these days I've always been so passionate about self-improvement about doing everything one can in order to improve their health to become more successful and find more purpose in their life and so that's why I set off to build what I'm currently working on which is Apex which I describe as is an all-in-one self-improvement ecosystem where we're starting to create content build a free community build free mobile apps to help people and sell low margin highquality physical products it's something that I'm very excited for and passionate about and I wake up every morning just like so amped to work on it it's going well we started this a little bit over a month and a half ago hell yeah man that's exciting I think it's awesome to be able to wake up every day and work on something that you're actually passionate about another question I want to ask you is what's the biggest lesson that you've learned in your entire Journey arguably the biggest one is creating a sense of urgency I found that my most productive and successful periods have come when there's a lot of risk and a lot of urgency to get [ __ ] done quickly so when I was building Riz GPT it was like I'm at home making 0 while my parents house is on the market meanwhile all of my friends are making these great sixf figure salaries living up Life After College and I felt like I had a fire under my ass to get something done and to begin succeeding when I was building UMX I had obviously just split from my previous team and I felt like I had something to prove I was on my brother's couch I spent Thanksgiving alone I had some sliced turkey while I was coding and now with Apex everyone looks at me and they're like dude you you did so well in the app space and now you're building what like you're making content you're trying to be a [ __ ] influencer I feel that like I feel the pressure and it fires me up and if you feel like you have that for lack of a better word like you have that dog in you create a sense of urgency 100% agreed now the last question that I want to ask you we ask all founders that we interview on starter story what would you say to entrepreneurs we're just getting started yeah I think one of the things that has helped me most succeed is trying to abstract myself away from what you hear on social media and what others are telling you to do you have to be able to think on your own and think from first principles as opposed to constantly just doing what others say there's a naval quote that a friend recently reminded me of if you want to make the wrong decision ask everybody love it man well Blake I appreciate you coming on starter story and sharing all of this value I can't wait to see what you build next I'll be watching take care man cool appreciate you brother okay recapping this episode what I think made Blake so successful is how hard he went on content marketing I've done a lot of research on businesses and nearly every really really successful bootstrapped BC app like this purely got traction from content I think the most successful BC Founders or people building iPhone apps they truly understand that product is just not as important as distribution as distribution and attention wins the game if you want to win in BC especially if your app is not Niche it's like a calorie tracking app like this then you must be ready and excited for the content game you must already be thinking about what Tik toks you're going to try all the channels you can try and even validating your idea in the first place through content online before you even build something this is why I created the starter story Academy to not only have you focus on building an idea but most importantly figure out how to get attention on that idea how to get your first customers how to get feedback from the customers so you can build a better product that will resonate with thousands if not millions of users if you're serious about taking the first step then definitely check out the starter story Academy just head to the first link in the description if you want to learn more much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO G4nsGvL4Fo0 =====
TITLE: I Make $15K/Month With 2 AI Apps
DURATION: 968.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I personally used to think that I could never ship a profitable product because I was not amazing at coding reaching this point where I'm earning 15K all my products it's it feels unreal how did this guy build two SAS products to $115,000 Mr as an average coder well it's because of his approach on how to find winning ideas nich down as much as possible I only need 0.1% of the market and I'm good Fernando started his journey as an agency owner working with clients for over a decade but then his entrepreneurial dreams came to a halt when he had to go back to his 9 to-5 job while working my 9 to5 I was always there dreaming about what to do deep down I I knew I wanted to find a way to go back to this sense of autonomy that I had at one point after unexpectedly getting fired he decided he had enough and went all in on his dream now the stakes were real I always relying on my 9 to5 but not anymore I needed to to show up and build something a year after he took the leap Fernando became a solopreneur making a good living while working only 4 hours a day so I gave him a call to ask him how he did it and how you guys watching could do something similar and he shares everything including his process for finding profitable ideas his strategy for building and validating those ideas quickly and the distribution channel that gets him most of his paying customers when it comes to distribution for both Reser online ands with the the main Channel all right let's dive in I'm Pat walls and this is starter story welcome man thanks for coming on starter story tell us about who you are and what business you built so well I am Fernando Pro designer originally from Argentina now living in Sweden and I'm working in to SI projects full-time resume maker. online and a carels when it comes to resume maker. online I like to Define it as the easiest way to build your resume and then the is aa.com which I launched last year and it's the first AAR generator and it allows users create standun in social media carousels even if you don't know anything about design both products run on a freemum model so you can start right away for free but subscriptions unlock all the AI and pro features together they bring in about 15K Mr which allow me to finally step away from the 9 to5 and let's hope stays that way okay since you've built not one but two successful projects can you tell us a little bit more about your process for how to find winning ideas I always find it easier to scratch my my own AG when I see something that I know that it can be time consuming I thought could be could be a great idea why not creating something that simplifies this something that solves this problem specifically instead of having multiple features like Kaa on Battle most users are no Pro users they just want the simplest way to achieve something that's the advantage of being a solo entrepreneur Kat cannot afford to go for very very specific specific solution because they need to Target a wider audience so I think that's where Soul entrepreneurs can drive Niche down as much as possible find the portion of a huge Market that they can serve better than these big companies with a results it's only me I don't have e funder I don't have employees I only need 0.1% of the market and I'm good I think there's very fertile ground for Indie hackers or entrepreneurs to create solutions that are lesser focus and solve one specific issue all right so you're approach is to take these big markets and Niche it down and build one simple solution for users but how do you look at validating these ideas and how do you know that it's something worth building I go after markets that are already validated but I trade to be just a little bit different take a new approach with the resume maker. online all these resume builders were really bloated you needed to sign up for before even seeing how the resume is going to look like I took a completely different approach you just press one button Buton you're right there you can see how good it's looking already and I think people really resonated with that that's my philosophy I think that's going to be my philosophy going forward let's take validated Market Niche down and find a way to save people time I I always say that I don't I don't sell design I sell time that's that's the value that I provide I help you to get you to good enough point and that's more than enough sometimes validating your idea is one of the most important steps when it comes to starting something new and Fernando is proof of that profitable side projects are built on the right idea the right market and the right launch strategies but that process to go from 0 to one can be long and it might make you feel lost if you aren't following a solid blueprint that's why I created the academy it's a 5-we program where you'll find an idea build it launch it validate it all while only working 2 hours a day it's the same framework I use to build a million-dollar business and it's what I've seen thousands of other successful Founders use it's what actually works because it's all about taking action and actually building stuff and putting it out into the world which is what I really want to see you take a shot at so if you're curious about building a side project like Fernando and you want to surround yourself with other builders then head to the first link in the description to see if the academy might be a good fit for you now let's get back to Fernando's story and the amazing business he built okay now let's talk about actually building the product I know you did a 10-day challenge to go from 0 to one with AI car can you tell us a little bit more about that approach while working at my 925 I was always dreaming about what to do after a year and a half working there it's just a few weeks after very positive perform review they tell me that I'm fire that was just one day before my planed vacations and honestly I was quite born out from the 9 to5 that left such a sour taste in my mouth so I was not very optimistic and I didn't really want to find another job I think maybe this was the push that I needed now the stakes were real I always rely on my 925 but not anymore I needed to to show up and build something so I thought okay let's go for a building public challenge the first days I just try to get the main features running also as a designer and given that this is a design product it had to look somewhat nice but it was really really simple the most basic Tech Carousel that you could create it's a good thing also to to launch these barebone products because then when you start getting feedback the feedback kind kind of tells you where to go the biggest value that I get from this challenge is that if he would have failed I could have moved on into the next thing without any issues but if you work for during 6 months one year in the product it's easy to get a tach it can be hard to to to hear like the product sucks right if I launch in the future I would like to to try to replicate the sense of urgency wow that's an awesome story thank you for sharing that so after you built the MVP I see that you then launched on product time can you tell me more about that launch yeah that despite my concerns the launch went really well for a cars and five users sign up and people can say that they like your product and you might have intuition that there's a demand for it but the ultimate validation is is when you get pay for it right and the product was super buggy for me that was like the ultimate proofy if they pay for this buggy product there's really an opportunity here I need to double down so after you get those first five customers how did you continue to get more of them what kind of distribution methods did you use when it comes to distribution for both res maker. online andells Pro hunt help a lot to spread the word about it especially with resume maker. online winning first pro of the week it Go spread so quickly and I got so many Bings but then SEO is the main Channel and I'm definitely better at building that that marketing so I started building a lot of free tools for both products I think it's about 30 it just have to be something complimentary to your main product like a natural extension it's a good way to bring in traffic especially if if you know you're not a SEO expert and the building public also helps to spread the war on Twitter or on LinkedIn I think people like especially when you try to make it personal can be a bit cringe sometimes but hey that's LinkedIn also launch an affiliate program for both products which is working okay it's in progress yeah so after you started to get more paying customers was there a specific pricing strategy you Ed to monetize the product to its potential it was a bit tricky at the beginning I mean I knew it was in beta so I launched it at $9.99 now I after adding so many features and the prod has mature so much it's $4.95 and I want to be seen as an affordable tool not a cheap one right uh and when it comes to resume maker that online I started with a onetime purchase model which made total sense for the type of product but after I relaunch it as a s early this year um even though the the turn is is is high the revenue is much more more predictable it's really nice because yeah with one time purchases you go back to zero that's a bit scary each time yeah got it okay I want to double click into the topic of churn do you have a strategy you use to reduce churn for AI carousels yeah that my strategy was to start with carousels but expand and offer other tools so people might come for the carousels and they stay for a whole package it's way easy to communicate the proposition value when you can focus on only one the core message which in this case is carousel it's easier for me to stand out among all the competitors by presenting myself as the best AI Carousel generator but when people come they find out that there there's a lot of other tools that they can use to maximize their online presence that's really helping to make the product better so people don't cancel B to bring expired users back I want to go into the topic of customer support I know it can be tricky as a solopreneur so how do you go about it yeah when it comes to customer support I think it's it's key I mean I think that's another like product feature it's part of the experience and and I try to just reply as fast as possible because it's not only about helping users for me especially when I launch getting this initial feedback was was a bit like a cheat code not only help to shape the direction of the pro but also turn all this frustrated customers into loyal fans because you write about a bag or a feature request and maybe in like I don't know like an hour the bag is fix and the feature is up and I always try to embrace being small even I have inol person maker and the I have an about page that I'm saying hey it's only me here you know it's you want to talking directly with the founder and on the emails is always I it's never we it's Fernando the so founder and I really try to embrace that instead of trying pretending to be like like a big company and I feel like that's really working people don't want to deal with a faceless big company I think as Soul entrepreneurs we should leverage on that okay now let's get technical which tools and software do you use to make $1,000 a month as a solopreneur yeah when it comes to tools I keep things very lean I just use notion to organize both products I use outa it's a no code tool that is perfect for S Founders for me no no code is ideal for speeding up all the basic things like Billings CRM subscriptions all the repetitive stuff that you don't need to reinvent it let me say just focus on improving the actual product yeah that's basically it wow that is lean and how much does it actually cost to run your businesses the costs are around like 1,000 per month so the profit margins are above 90 90% uh and I don't have any employees or co-founders it's only me although this year I I did bring a freelancer to help me with some more time consuming content tasks so yeah I just bring him in when whenever I need to do some typ type of stuff like that gez 90% margin is impressive Wow Let's talk about competition I'm sure since you're building and validated Market markets that you face a lot of it how do you deal with competitors I'm glad competition exists I mean it's it's a good sign you don't you don't want to be the only one and also it can be easy I think to get cut up on trying to one up each other all the computers with the new cool feature when often users care about something entirely different so that's why I keep my focus on on the user feedback all right now let's get a little bit more personal what is your actual day-to-day look like right now after so many hectic years of managing my op job with my personal projects uh I moved to different countries I suet jobs I launched products early this year I decided to take things a bit slower just to enjoy the summer so I decided to work only four hours a day and it was quite difficult at first I keep thinking about the opportunity cost right watching the movie thinking but I could be working I could be shipping features but it turned out to be just the best decision for the business things start going even better by working less time so I decided to to stick with this 4 hours of deep work each morning having this constraint kind of forces you to to be intentional about your to list you focus on what's important one thing I do is though is I make sure to work even on weekends I feel that really keeps the momentum going it feels great just to skip the daily stand-ups on my past night9 to5 I woke up without any alarm my calendar is is empty I only had your call when I get invit from friends I'm always available I'm in a better mood I'm I'm happier overall I'm more patience with with my girlfriend and this gives me also the the mental Clarity to to focus on what's important on the business right I think that's why the business business is doing better because I am feeling better for me that's that's that's more important to to optimize for for life no not for Revenue okay Fernando the last question that we always ask all the founders that we interview if you could give a piece of advice to all solopreneurs just starting out right now what would you say yeah sure I personally used to think I could never ship a profitable product because I was not amazing at coding I have all these self-limiting beliefs and I was wrong most of the times especially in b2c products users don't need like a super complex solution they just want a simpler one so if you can provide a way to make something faster simpler that is value and most likely people are going to pay for it there's absolutely nothing bad of on focusing on building a tiny little tool that saves people time you get paid and need free up time for you to do whatever you care in life I mean I'll be honest I personally couldn't care less about social media carousels like I like helping people with all the the same challenges but what I care is creating something that allows me to free out my time happier life spend time with my family with my girlfriend uh spend a bit less time on the on front of the screen being able to do that having that freedom that's so cool man that's for me it's it's something that's not in the chart but this is this is what I'm doing this allows me to improve my my my lifestyle and that's um that's what I'm here for yeah all right man thank you for coming on I love the business that you built thank you for sharing everything with our audience have a good one hey guys thanks for watching and if you made it this far I want to share something with you as you seen with a ton of these interviews we've done on YouTube anybody can change their life with an idea the ability to code in a couple of hours of work per day in these videos we talk about tons of cool strategies and tactics but the thing that really going to get you your dream outcome is taking action and if you feel like you're struggling at all with that no matter what you do then I highly recommend checking out the academy it's the community and accountability that I wish that I had when I first started and it's got a ton of resources to help you find an idea help you ship that product and help you get those first users just head to the first link in the description if you want to check it out much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace


===== VIDEO ZEIPj7QbZeI =====
TITLE: The Underdog: He Turned His Last $1,000 Into $150M
DURATION: 1327.0
TRANSCRIPT:
all right gam what's your story I come from a background with like literally zero money going like from shitty job to shitty job and I had only like $1,000 left it was like all my savings at that time I just felt okay like I need to be my own bus this is gam mubes a guy who set out on a mission to become an entrepreneur and make millions online I've been at it for now like if you combine all experiences close to 10 years and in the beginning things were tough after launching the project creating the whole website and putting it online it was a a massive fail but I didn't give up I think deep inside I had a voice that wanted to prove everyone wrong after years of failure gam finally came across an idea that would make his dreams come true there is no way to describe how it feels when you have a true product Market fit it's like poetry it's like magic everything you do works you're in a state of bliss you feel like a superhero and you feel like nothing can destroy you until Al of our customers were just saying like what the [ __ ] they were like public messages on the community like yesterday I love lemlist today I [ __ ] hate it it was the month where we went from 40% month over month grow rate to 0% so that was really hard and it was very intense for me like uh I pushed myself close to the limits this is the story of how Guam mubes went from his last $11,000 to a company valued at over $150 million in Just 4 years welcome to the [Music] underdog I grew up in Paris two of my parents are not entrepreneur like they grew up on a farm in in the southwest of France they never had like a lot of money so they sacrificed quite a lot so we could get a good education After High School I went to like a university I needed to work on the side so I could pay for for life I was going like from shitty job to shitty job and I applied like to the MacDonald where all my friends you know like got accepted and they declined and at that time I really really like felt like [ __ ] [ __ ] you know like everyone can work at mag Donald's and not you you're really like the worst sheit ever you're doing like a uni where you don't even know if you're going to get a job afterwards so you start like questioning everything after struggling to land basic jobs during University gam realized that the usual path from school to a 9 to-5 job wasn't for him so he starts looking for something better at that time I just felt okay like I need to be my own boss I need to live following the the rules I want to establish I don't want to have someone you know who tells me what to do working in a like normal company I feel like your creativity is often very like limited and I've always been someone creative I've always felt like I don't belong in a specific category so I just felt like launching a company was the coolest thing to do and I've also loved money to be honest I've always loved money I've seen how people you know have been treated my dad because he didn't have enough money and I think it's like a great tool that can be used you know to uh to also do like good thing with it I just decided to grind hard and uh make this thing work so I switched to do a a master in marketing during that Master I just thought that I could give back to my dad by launching a a business with him cuz I felt like okay now that I know marketing I'm going to be super rich and make money online I was just thinking let's do like t-shirt business it doesn't require a lot of money and we don't have money so it's perfect you know how to print on fabric and I know how to sell with his Masters in marketing Gom is convinced that his t-shirt business is how he's going to give back to his dad and make it big he's finally ready to leave the minimum wage jobs behind and become a successful entrepreneur and after months of Blood Sweat and Tears everything was ready after launching the project creating the whole website and putting it online uh it was a a massive fail uh we only sold like six- shirts um and my plan which seemed to be perfect which was build a community create a website sell the T-shirt to the community have tons of word of mouth and become super famous was totally crushed my dad was uh disappointed because the business was not going you know as as planned and I feel like I was ashamed I couldn't really like help him out you know I was also mad at first at my dad because we couldn't invest more money but in reality it was my own fault I was mad at him but the version of me that was mad at him was a version that was also mad at myself and I didn't really realize it after that you know like we didn't talk for almost like a year and a half so that was really hard especially because um my parents you know like they love you a lot H you need to do like family stuff like on Sunday it's very important and the fact that we didn't really talk it meant also that I kind of like put my hand down and I was saying like I'm busy with work busy with work and that became kind of like my uh my go two excuses gam realizes that making millions online isn't as easy as it seems his dream of becoming an entrepreneur led to a ruined relationship with his family but he isn't the one to give up this easily so he starts looking for his next venture one of my friend who was launching a lead generation agency he asked me like hey I saw you were grinding on your project so maybe you want to join forces and uh and help me out at that time I did not know what the lead generation agency was so I was like okay what it is and he's like okay basically I'm helping like businesses find their dream customers so I was like okay that's intriging let me know like how you do it so this is when I really started getting into like gross hacking marketing and sales prospecting so I did that for about a year I Clos customers uh all over the world and I really became like a an expert at sales prospecting cuz I was booking meetings for tens of different companies in different Industries I was kind of a math scientist testing like tons of different approaches after some times I was like okay I don't want to do like a legion agency like I'd rather have like my own software cuz I think as an engineer I love to have like something that was scalable gam was craving more than just an agency business his Ambitions were much larger he wanted to build the next billion doll startup and make a bunch of money doing it so he left the agency and after long nights of searching he found his next idea I saw that whenever someone visits your LinkedIn profile you can see who that person is so at that time I was like okay that's crazy because it means that you can basically do the same on any website I really thought it was going to change the internet to be honest my my ambition was to uh personalize the internet I went to Russia where I had hired like a few developers I didn't have a lot of money so the developer I had hired they were kind of like Junior I think in total I have paid maybe like four or 5,000 back in the days it was like all my savings uh but eventually like uh LinkedIn changed uh one line of code so the entire project uh yeah went to trash and then I was like oh [ __ ] it after moving to Russia spending all of his savings and having his dream idea crushed by one line of code gam went back home to France to look for another idea but this time with no money in his bank account I had only like $1,000 left and I didn't want to go work on like shitty jobs like I did for I don't know six or seven years to pay like for everything else my girlfriend I remember she was paying the rent she didn't believe in me anymore like she was asking me like uh to take a job my friends you know like they would uh ask me you know like to go to to the restaurant and I would lie I would say like that I was busy that I already had plans the plans was basically like me cooking pasta for myself cuz it's cheap you know everyone is thinking like why are you doing this you have degrees just take a job and you'll see later if you can become an entrepreneur but I don't know why I think deep inside I had a voice that wanted to prove everyone [Music] wrong you know we talk a lot about blue ocean and red ocean so I started with like this blue ocean idea because no one W on it I thought I had like an incredible teex that was going to change the world in the end it was like too complex and it didn't work out we got blocked Etc so now I was like okay red ocean we have tons of competitors but if we have competitors it means that there is always a product Market fit these guys are making [ __ ] tons of money so all you have to do is to be better so instead of doing the same as all the platforms I started focusing you know with lemlist with a key differentiator that was how to make sales more human and how to add extra layers on personalization that no other platform could offer so even though at first I knew all the features that our competitors had were a 100 times better than ours I focused on something that was really tied to a key problem from our ideal customer profile but also that was tied to a real return on investment for them which is how many meetings can they booked if you can tie any of your software or product or service to the revenue people are going to make your product becomes associated with success this is Guam's aha moment he realizes that a good business idea is simply taking a proven idea and just making it better if you're looking for a similar idea then just do what guom did research proven businesses that are making money right now and you can start doing that by checking out our 52 micro SAS ideas Deep dive in this database you'll get 52 proven micras businesses how much money they make how they found their idea how they got customers and tons of other details you'd want to know just click the first link in the description and we'll send it to you over for free now back to the story with $1,000 to his name and the right idea in mind Guam got down to building and this time he was doing it fast our first MVP was just two weeks of work I closed basically the first 100 customers doing uh live demos and outbound I did only this on top of it the first customers I was onboarding I would tell them you know what like buy the software subscription and I will myself write the campaigns for you and in exchange I would also ask them if they want to be part of the content I create as success stories and unfair Advantage I would say that you can have when you launch a company is if you're among the target audience of what you're building because if you're using your product daily and you're using it so much that it drives you crazy to see all these bugs and the [ __ ] up things happening because this is software and that happens a lot in the beginning then I can guarantee that the pace at which you improve the product is 100 times better and the gross Loop for me was simple it's like I use my own products I help people with their campaigns I create like the best content ever I push the content into a community from there I get insights from people who complain about specific things I improve the product I restart using the product but with the improvements making success stories about it with new templates Etc and so on and so forth and this is a gross group we've used to really like Skyrocket the gross lless made $600 in its first month and was growing 40% month over month gam thought he finally cracked the code to building a successful business until he looked closer and noticed something was off I was like we can't have such a low activation rate so the activation rate for me was uh when someone signed up whether or not do they launch a camp p and that conversion rate I think it was like at 15% so I decided to change entirely the product I redone like all the wireframes we restarted from scratch when we put it live half of our customers were just saying like what the [ __ ] they were like public messages on the community like yesterday I love LM list today I [ __ ] hate it and at the time I was like holy [ __ ] like what do you do do you revert or do you wait and see whether or not it's going to give you like a higher activation rate was starting to have doubts about his decision to change the business overnight and with his inbox flooded with angry customers he was starting to get scared but instead of backing down he decides to handle the problem head on I took all the users you know were like unhappy I asked them to come directly like on Zoom calls I started working until like 4:00 a.m. so I had chat with everyone to understand what they were liking I saw that we had removed stuff that we shouldn't have been removed so we fixed like a lot the product during that time it was the month where we went from 40% month over month growth rate to 0% but at the end of the month our activation rate was at like 35% instead of 15 so the next month we grew I think this time by like 60% cuz all the unhappy people wanted to turn turns but eventually like the new one converted at a much higher PA after winning a risky bet to change the business completely gam and the team were starting to see the results pay off big time I think it took us one year to go from zero to $250,000 AR annual recuring revenue year two it was uh we reached 1 million year three we were like uh at 8ish and then three and a half years we were at 10 when you go from 1 to 10 in uh let's say a year and a half it means that you're growing anywhere between 15 to 25% month over month every month you're like it's not possible that it's going to happen but after like Seven 8 months of happening all the time it becomes like the norm for you there is no way to describe how it feels when you have a true product Market fit it's like poetry it's like magic everything you do Works you're in a state of flow where everything is so easy that you feel like you've understood everything about life that it was a game all along and you know you're in a state of bliss you feel like a superhero and you feel like nothing can destroy you until you reach a plateau and this is where you realize or at least this is where I realized that uh I I hadn't been a great entrepreneur I learned like the biggest lesson I think of uh of growing a company growing a company is never an exponential curve It's Always A S curve that can look like an exponential curve but there is always a plateau and the only companies that have like a proper exponential curve are the one we planning for the next S curve after a rapid growth period lless plateaued at around $10 million ARR on top of that gam was now on his own after two of his co-founders exited the company when your your co-founder lives it's definitely weird because you know you trusted people for a long time and now I had to handle like all the technical side of things which is definitely like not my job I started having like a tech support product sales marketing having to manage basically like all of it so that was really hard and it was very intense for me like uh I pushed myself close to the limits it's it's hard you know when you have like uh this thing happening and you feel really like on your own gam was Now by himself and faced with an overwhelming amount of new challenges but he still believed lless could be more and he wasn't going to abandon it after getting this far with his back against the wall he was left with one choice to make things work rebuild the company from scratch so we had coded the product really quickly to ship a lot of features and then you realize that the way it's been developed doesn't match the amount of users you have and the scale so we had to rebuild entirely our architecture and I think it took me like a year and a half to deal with all the technical shits and then be sure that uh I would become irrelevant to the growth of the business that was intense gam spent a year and a half rebuilding the company and trying to get through that Plateau then he finally came across a strategy that would change the business forever when you're doing like a software as a service business the name of the game is your retention meaning how long do people stay when they start paying your service so we spent a lot of time I looking at okay who are the people when they join lamb list they never turn I called it like the magnet Persona the magnet Persona is the Persona that's going to attract a lot more customers and if you take for example Apple their only focus for years was designers and why designers are a great Persona because designers are cool so if you have a product that makes people feel like they are amongst this magnet Persona then it's awesome and for us in our space the magnet persona it's really the sales rep it's the sales reps because we're a tool that drives more revenue and who drives Revenue in a company sales so for us to have like this magnet Persona was just like Game Changer because in people's mind we became like the sales tools for sales teams so anyone who has a company who wants to drive more sales know that they use they should use list the magnet Persona strategy allowed lless to break through the plateau but more importantly it turned Guam into the successful entrepreneur he had always dreamed of becoming yeah so right now we're at $30 million AR and $10 million in ebda we're about like 100 people we have customers in more than 100 countries for me when I reached that state it was uh it was weird because I don't like fancy watch is I'm a terrible driver my holiday it's like going in the mountain and put my tent being the nature I just felt like money would open so many new doors it would be different Etc and then you realize like you should focus more on the substance like who you become who you help uh your values and that's I think when the relationship also changed with my parents because even though I didn't grow up with uh with money like they taught me like things that are so much more important they taught me about hard work respect being a good person in uh in this world I owe them a lot and when you know like you help them financially and uh they realize that they don't have to work they don't have to worry and that everything is under control I think this is uh the best feeling in the world to be honest right now you know we we're discussing it live uh on a video but the reality is like uh it's been I've been at it for now like if we combine all experiences close to 10 years so it's an overnight success story that took 10 years for me it's like you got to be patient with the results but you got to be impatient with your action put yourself out there do as much thing as possible don't be afraid to document never give up believe in yourself and always invest in yourself whether it's a new job a new experience a conference you want to go to an event you need to attend a webinar a video or whatever always optimize it for the learning you're going to get because the outcome you you will never control it and the only thing you can control is how you work on yourself so if you work on yourself harder than you work on anything else I can guarantee that in this life especially right now with distraction we have with social media Etc I can guarantee that you will have success think of the journey think of the adventure because uh it's all worth it when you when you tell it 10 years later take action invest in yourself and enjoy the journey that's Guam's formula for winning as an entrepreneur the truth is your idea will never be perfect your skills will never be perfect and the moment will never be perfect you just have to start because if you don't start then all the dreams you have in your head will have a 0% chance of coming to life I hope you guys are all inspired after watching Guam's story and I hope it's enough for you to just take one step of action today and if you're ready to take that first step today then you should definitely do that with the starter story Academy our program to help you find an idea validate that idea and launch it into the real world but first I'd love to show you some examples of really cool SAS businesses like goms started by regular people just like you making over $10,000 a month just head to the first link in the description and we're going to send over our free deep dive of 52 different micro SAS business ideas that are making money today this is the type of stuff that gets built in the academy and I want to see you do something similar thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO xZDofUHbZHA =====
TITLE: The day I hit reset on my life
DURATION: 656.0
TRANSCRIPT:
what if I just went for it this was the question I asked myself one summer for probably the 39th time it was a Sunday and I was about to get on a flight across the country I just spent the weekend drinking into Oblivion with my friends the whole week felt like a blur I was so hung over and like with every other hangover I began to ponder my life I couldn't stop thinking about how much I didn't want this living for the weekends dreading Mondays a life full of comfort yet devoid of any freedom I was nearly 30 years old already many years into my so-called career Successful by Society standards but something just didn't feel right you see as a kid I always had dreams I'd be different but as life went on those dreams they faded away and I found myself stuck behind a desk all thanks to a series of decisions I thought were in my best interest College the fancy job the big city these decisions did I make them for me or did I make them for everyone but me and whenever I found myself alone in the airport hung over like this these dreams would come back it was at this moment I found myself wondering what if I just went for it one year that's all I need what would happen if I chased my dreams for 365 days and that's when it all [Music] started in that moment I reached into my suitcase and pulled out the book I've been struggling to get through a book called Think and Grow Rich this book would eventually rewire my brain for success but for now I flip to my bookmark and read this whatever the mind can conceive and believe it can achieve a simple quote but I read it over and over and over if you want to change you must believe in that change you must visualize that change but what change did I want I wanted to be free of my student loan in credit card debt I wanted to work on things I was passionate about I wanted to be free but Dreams they're not enough you must create a detailed plan of action to achieve your goal so what would be my plan of action I will stop spending money on I'll dedicate nights and weekends to building my future I will start building a business I wrote all this down on a tiny little note card this was my Manifesto exactly what I want and exactly how I'll get there when I got home I nailed this little note card right above my bed and I read it over and over every night night and every evening until it was etched in my memory what should I even work on what am I actually passionate about and how can I actually make money from it these questions they paralyzed me they prevented me from ever actually getting started and that's when I realized I was obsessed with control I was obsessed with the idea of having it all figured out and this made me scared of committing to anything but really I was scared of failure but this Manifesto this little piece of paper right here it did one thing it forced me to get started and getting started even in the tiniest way taught me something that would change everything failure is success when I finally gave myself permission to fail it unlocked the answer I knew I wanted to build a business but what do I work on getting started was the first part but I quickly found myself trying to build things I had no business doing my first business idea lasted about 3 weeks until I realized I was building something because someone told me it could make money online I had no passion for the idea and no skills that would help me build it and that's when I went back to the drawing board and looked for an idea that only I could build something that aligned perfectly with my skills my passions and of course something that could actually make money within days I came up with the idea for starter story a platform where you could see how regular people like you and me built businesses that changed their lives exactly how they found their ideas exactly how they launched and exactly how they got customers this was the product that I knew and this was the product that only I could build so why not create it for the world I purchased the domain name I put together a plan I started building and everything started to click I realized that this idea it had been living in my head all along but my obsession with control my fear of failure prevented me from ever getting started on it but once I let go of that I was free I believe that everybody has a business idea just like this something that aligns perfectly with your skills your passions and of course something that can actually make money to prove it to you I'm running a free Workshop to show you exactly how you can do this too we'll hang out and talk about how to overcome that self-doubt how to find your million-dollar business idea and exactly how to execute on that idea on Just 2 hours a day just head to the first link in the description to save your seat spots are limited I'll see you in there ever heard the phrase people never change well I believe this is mostly true with one exception people do change when they changed their environment it's the reason people change when they leave their Hometown for the big city a new start I needed a new start I was trying to become this new person trying to actually build something but the problem was I was stuck in my old apartment in my old ways no execution no Focus no consistency and that's when I realized that was my problem it was my environment that's what I needed to change so I went looking for a new place a new environment where I could have a new start and I know it sounds so simple but that place was the Starbucks down the street this was the place where I transformed from someone who never did anything to someone who actually got  done I started waking up every day at 6:00 a.m. and every day I walked into that Starbucks I became a new person this new environment this new me and this is when things really started to change I basically stopped drinking and spending all my money on the weekends I stopped spending every Sunday watching 12 hours of football and I started building this new future things started to happen really fast two months in I found my distribution Channel I went viral on Reddit and all a sudden I had an audience and an actual validated business model four months in I made my first dollar and landed the first sponsor of my newsletter 5 months in I started making internet founder friends and building a following on Twitter and meeting people from all across the world 8 months in I landed my first really big sponsorship deal for $112,000 I had never seen this amount of money hit my bank account at one time this is when I knew that I really had something people were willing to pay me money for something that I built from a Starbucks and a laptop and this blew my mind and 365 days later I had built a business to $3,500 a month from a laptop and a Starbucks while I had a full-time job I had made it I walked into work handed my resignation and quit my full-time job I was going to go all in on starter [Music] story this journey it didn't come without sacrifice yes I built this business but in the process I had to change into a different person I became so focused on actually making this thing work that I felt like I had to leave a part of my past behind I became more and more detached from my old friends and even my family I had to move from the city that I loved I even had to miss a good Friend's Wedding All For What and that was probably the hardest part in my darkest moments I laid awake wondering if this was all worth it am I being selfish to sacrifice everything in the name of chasing my dreams I knew I had to go on this journey but what would happen when I came back and I'm a new person my old friends my family would they accept the new me as I look back on the journey I can't stop thinking about that question what if I was never alone in that airport on that fateful day what if I never had that book in my suitcase yes the journey was full of sacrifice if I didn't push through those 365 days of change to change my habits to change my environment to change my identity what would have happened and even though I had to change as a person my friends my family they welcomed me back with open arms they were so happy for me I didn't realize it but they were actually along for the ride the whole time and that makes me so happy in those 365 days I built a business that changed my life I achieved that freedom that I had set out to get no boss no Mondays nobody can tell me what to do that doesn't mean that life is easier now because there's a whole new set of problems when you're in control but now I'm in the driver's seat and even more important I get to wake up every day and work on something that I'm so passionate about starter story so were those 365 days worth it who knows but I know one thing for sure I'll never have to ask myself the question what if I never went for it


===== VIDEO WuzxmeUP6ro =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $37K/Month Notion App
DURATION: 1080.0
TRANSCRIPT:
I just spent 6 days working on it creating like a small MVP and now we are close to 37k of monthly working Revenue how does this guy make over $400,000 a year with an app he built in just 6 days Well turns out he really knows how to find customers obviously there is which is always a big one for this kind of products I was able to get quite a lot of users pretty fast thanks to this Julian Nom started his journey while working a 9 to-5 as a software engineer I was commuting 3 hours day I was spending all of this commute time on my computer working on the side projects after years of experimenting with different side projects Julian finally found an idea that worked and now he's a solopreneur making a doctor's salary while working on multiple passion projects so I gave Julian a call to ask him exactly how he did it and how anyone else can do something similar luckily he shared a ton of good stuff how to find and validate ideas the best places to Market a new product and the viral Loop strategy that got Julian to over $400,000 a year all right let's get into it I'm Pat walls and this is starter [Music] story all right welcome Julian it's nice to have you tell me a little about who you are and what you built okay I'm Julian I'm 28 I'm the founder of not forms which is a form builder for notion users we have close to 100K registered users and now we are close to 37k of monthly working of you got it can you tell us a little bit more about the story of how you found the idea for note forms yeah definitely I was a notion user for maybe two or 3 years I really love the product and one day notion finally released their IPI which meant that anyone could build Integrations and product one notion and I just decided to copy a feature that another database like product named air table had which were forms so you know I just spent 6 days working on it creating like a small MVP timeing was important uh and it really helped going the project it's fine to start small as soon as you get some users and some feedback you're able to iterate much faster and to focus on the you know core value of whatever you're building so you built your SAS around an already existing platform notion why do you like this approach better than doing a traditional Standalone SAS building a one platform is easier you don't have to build the community around it you can kind of cannibalize part of it and try to solve a sub issue which is kind of what I did with not forms right notion already had a huge Community people were really fan of the products they had like a huge sub rect tons of Facebook group of course it comes with its own set of issues you have the platform risk but I think finding this kind of platforms it's really a good way to to start okay so you've already built a couple profitable projects now are there any other methods you have to finding winning ideas yeah I think the easiest way to to find ideas is try to solve your own problems if you're your own user then it's definitely easier to build a great product if you use it you get to see the flows and the issues and improve on them the drawback of this is that sometimes you can have a problem and think it's great to build a tool for this but then you realize you're the only person with that problem because of that I think it's important to ship fast and try and put it in front of other people to get some feedback early other ways to get some ideas I guess is just to be curious talk to people for instance I really love you know with my friends that have totally different career paths and talk about like the way they work their process their daily lives and it's always amazing to me uh with a technical background to hear that you know sometimes they spend one two 3 hours every day doing something that could easily be automated also being on social medias like Twitter I think is really a great way you hear about new tech you hear about New Opportunities you discover new things that later you can apply to new problems I think that's also a great way all right so once you have an idea in mind what's your process for validating the idea and know that it's something that's actually worth building yeah so my way of doing things is just to actually build a product or at least an MVP for it and then share it to as many people as I can and get instantly some feedback from the users focusing on a project for a small short amount of time really helps you get a sense of whether this is valuable or not of course it's hard to apply to many projects you know like there are things that you cannot just build in one week as as I'm a solopreneur you know like I try to avoid this and focus on things that I can build by myself and quickly the more you build I think the faster it is to build now you know like every time I'm starting a new project I can just copy the code base from the previous project keep all the UI and that kind of things and I can just focus on the core logic and the value that I want to bring to the users so you get faster every time my favorite part about Julian's story is he was building side projects while he kept his full-time job and just like Julian I actually did this same thing I started a million-dollar business while I was working in 9 to5 and it wasn't easy it required working on the right idea getting tons of feedback and actually figuring out how to monetize so I could replace my 9 to-5 income but the hardest part above all consistency actually showing up every day and doing the work that's why we created the academy it's a 5we program where you'll find an idea build it launch it validate it all while working just 2 hours a day it's the same framework I use to build a million-dollar business and it's what I've seen thousands of successful Founders actually use it's what actually works because it's all about taking action and actually building which is what I want to see you really take a shot at so if you're curious about building a profitable side project like Julian and me and you still feel like you don't have the time to work on it or work on your ideas well head to the first link in the description if you want to learn more okay so you believe in shipping fast fast but do you have any Frameworks on how to build MVPs really quickly the best way of doing that as a technical person is to focus on the product and not on the technology I've been using the exact same stack for the past 10 years pretty much since I started coding I'm actually using PHP which a lot of developer likes to make fun of with this PHP framework called laravel and now I'm super pro efficient with it I have ton of you know small piece of code that can reuse from one project to the other and that really saves ton of time so yeah you can spend some times if you have fun learning about Technologies but if you want to build projects just do it as fast as you can use what you know and focus on that okay cool now let's talk about marketing yeah how did you get users for your app and what are the best places right now for people to find customers I published the projects and then I just spammed all the notion related communities I could find online obviously there is Reddit which is always a big one for this kind of products usually they have you know like a subreddit dedicated to it people that are really fond of the product so they're curious about discovering new things around it usually people on Reddit and and these kind of communities that really don't like people putting links there trying to get some new users but because it was so new and because the product was entirely free there there's not even monetization in it I feel like they were kind of okay with me doing that and that really helped you know like I was able to get quite a lot of users pretty fast thanks to this but also another platform I found to be super useful our Facebook groups there are many people using Facebook and Facebook groups are super alive there are Facebook groups for everything like for your C for sports for apps for whatever and that was super useful as well Twitter I mean is great the only thing with Twitter is there is a cold start issue when you start twitting you're basically on your own something really important into getting started on Twitter is to find the people that you relate to so the people that inspire you and to try and interact with them genu with times they're going to start you know recognizing your face they will interact with you as well you gain some more followers and you know that's how you get started product I think is a nice way of advertising your product but I think it's a bit overrated I see some people spending weeks preparing for product launch while in the end you just get a bit of traffic a nice backlink and that's pretty much it like when I did the launch for not forms I got you know like of course more eyes on the products but I think I didn't get a single sale from the from the launch you know that's my experience with it I see okay tell us now about your special growth strategy and how someone can implement it in their business to get more users today as people starting using it they were building forms with notion forms and they were sharing the forms because you know that's the purpose of a form Builder you build a form and then you share it you embed it on your website and because of this people that are supposed to F the form they get to see what you built it's easy for you to just add a link back to your product or do some kind of advertisement and that becomes viral because the more users you have the more people see your product and then the more users you have so I think if you have a product for almost every product you can find a way of incentivizing your users to share your product or piece of your product so it could be you know just a small widget that you can put on your website that's exactly what does product hunt by the way you know like they give you this little badge to say hey I was product of the day and then you put this on your website and then it's a it's a back Ling for product so if you can find a smart way of doing this or make it valuable for your users to share what they did on your platform then you can create a viral Loop and I think that's super important to try and build something like this awesome but with all these users coming in how do you manage customer support or all these customer inquiries so for the first year working on it I was entirely alone on the project so I was doing everything myself I was receiving messages like all the time at night so sometimes I would forget you know to turn off notifications and then it would wake me up later on I I hired someone to to help me with this and that was really relief but that being said I really don't regret uh doing this that way it really helped me build a better products understand the user needs but also identify issues within the product so even today we still have the operator you like an agent that's working with me that's uh always on it and we also have an AI chat bot that we train you know on all the product docks and and all the past conversations and really incentivize people to talk to us so within the product we have tons of button you know they can click to report a bug leave us some feedback suggest a feature or just you know like talk to us really since the beginning I've only Built what people ask me to build nice so actively talking to customers is how you actually find the features to add let's now talk about monetization how did you start making money from note forms how did you make your first dollar yeah it's starting taking off slowly I think at some point I which th000 users I had tons of feature requests all of these features that I was adding I was adding you know a little Pro tag and when you clicked on it it says ahey this is free for now because it's the beta but whenever it will launch it will become a paid feature and then one day I built all the subscription system and I just flipped the switch and I told all the users hey now this part of the product is paid since you were there since the beginning here's a 4% discount code that you can use uh for life and it was a long day I remember I was just you know like refreshing the STP page to try and get a a new subscription but nothing came and then later during the night one guy took a a yearly subscription even and I was so happy like I made $90 and then the day after maybe I got two and then three and then I didn't get any subscription for like 3 days started to panic and then I got another one and just went on from there okay now let's talk about pricing how did you decide on the pricing for your product yeah pricing is super hard you don't want to be too expensive but of course you want to make as much money as you can so I didn't know what to do so I just looked at all the for Builders out there and I thought you know hey like this is a new product I have one10 of all the features they offer so I need to be cheaper than all of them and then over time I just experimented a bit I tried you know increasing the price slightly I saw that it didn't really have any impact on the conversion so I did it again and then later on I also added some more expensive plans that also helped you know increasing a bit the revenue and further let's talk about business model how did you choose between a one-time payment and a subscription if it makes sense for a product to have a subscription then it's definitely a good idea because getting recing revenue is amazing because you can you know acquire customer and then for the next X months you will get money for it and I found that selling something for $50 per month is much easier than selling one thing for $500 one time okay let's talk about AI are you currently using it in your business overall I'm super excited about it there was very recently hype about um a new developer tool called cursor which is kind of an AI P IDE and I recently started using it and honestly I'm I'm amazed and it's literally like speeding up by maybe two uh my work nowadays with all the content you can find online with tools like AI I think it's easier than ever to build a product on your own and you know to start working on something so that's amazing and I'm so glad you know I'm living in this period of time because there are just so many possibilities and I'm super excited about all of this okay that's awesome on the topic of technology what are some other software tools you're using to profitably run your business for the Tex tack so the back end framework is a PHP framework named laravel the front end is built with a view framework name next it's all the pages and make sure that everything loads fast the database is post gr SQL we host everything on AWS so of course you know since I work there for a bit it's just easier for me that way now we Ed for subscription billing we use amplitude to track product analytics you know like the user behavior on the platform what they use that kind of things we use crisp for the support chat we use Sentry you know to track uh the errors that happens on the app so that we can you know like learn about them and fix them we use a product called feature base for a road map like a public road map where people can see you know what's going to be built next and of course feature request and Bug reports with three people fulltime and one person that's parttime so the total salary for them is 5K so that excludes me then there is 1K that we pay for servers and all the SAS tools that I mentioned earlier we spend around 3K per month on ads uh so we only do Google ads mostly because I don't know how to do anything else and then usually we spend probably like around 2K per month with random Freelancers so it could be you like UI designers copywriters Sometimes some external developers that kind of thing okay now last question that we ask all founders we interview if you could sit on younger Julian's shoulder and give him some advice when he was just starting out what would you say um Amazon has a set of leadership principles one of them is bios for action and I think that's a really good one the most important thing you can do is start if you spend too much time thinking about it and not doing anything that at some point you'll just get demotivated and and nothing's going to happen the Project's going to die but as soon as you know you start working on it and you get you know to see the first results get the first users it really FS your motivation and of course it helps you shavee the product better because you get feedback and and so on so the first thing would definitely be launch as soon as you as you can don't overthink it don't build too many features just build a simple MVP and then put it in front of the eyes of your customers the other thing is not to be shy so that took me a bit of time as well but try to talk about it to as many people as you can you can only know if it's a good idea or if it's valuable or if it's actually useful uh by getting the opinion of other people no one is going to stop everything they do in their life just to build what you describe them right if that happens that means that you know one guy was more motivated than you by your own ID and that's on you right you should have done it in the end you're not risking that much I think if if if you know you can find a job especially like if you're software engineer six months off working on a project is is nothing the risk seems huge but I think it's not that big all right Julian thank you thanks for coming on and sharing your story I love the business that you built and wishing you luck in the future keep sharing your story awesome cool thanks man yo guys I really hope you all enjoyed the video and wrote down some good takeaways that Julian shared but I do want to say something real quick at the end of the day the point of these videos is to inspire you and show you how other people just like you found ideas and built them hopefully this inspires you to go out and do this thing on your own while learning is important taking action is the thing that's actually going to get you that dream outcome if you still feel like you're struggling to take action no matter what then I highly recommend you check out the starter story Academy it's a 5-we program where you'll come up with an idea you'll build it you'll launch it you'll validate it and you'll get it in front of customers what's even more amazing is you'll do this alongside hundreds of other people doing the same thing building something that will change their life and we will hold you accountable every single day to showing up and doing the work the academy is what I wish I had when I was getting started and I still had a full-time job and it's designed for you to actually build something that changes your life just head to the first link in the description and I'll give you a bunch of more info about it I hope to see you in there otherwise I'll see you in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO GFnBp8lMIf4 =====
TITLE: 9 Things That Make Me $1.8M/Year
DURATION: 778.0
TRANSCRIPT:
best kept secret in business is this product right [Music] here what's up starter story my name is Pat I'm the founder of starter story and these are the essential tools I use to make over a million dollars a year this might not be as cool as GQ I'm just a regular guy but I wanted to show you just some of the my little chosis and random things that I use to make money online the first tool that I use is Loom I use loom for like everything anytime I was going to write an email or give someone feedback on something or delegate some sort of project or teach someone in my business how to do something or give them feedback I use it instead of writing an email I think the craziest story about Loom is uh my buddy Peter levels levels io on Twitter if you're not familiar I was telling him about some stuff that I've done with email marketing just recorded a quick 5minute loom video went over all of our clavio flows sent it off to him just think thinking nothing of it he comes back to me and he's like yo this is like the most valuable thing I've ever watched I think you could actually just like sell this loom video I created the strip payment link we put it online and it made $220,000 in one day just from pre-orders I didn't have to do anything it was just a 5 minute loom video became $20,000 in a day the most money i' probably ever seen a day of that P [Music] all right this is my my latest Obsession which is tea I'll let you guys know that I have a very addictive personality and a few years ago I found myself addicted to caffeine addicted to coffee I found myself having like five cups a day and then I found myself having panic attacks and anxiety where my whole body was tingling all the time and I thought that I had um cerebral paly and but I looked it up and it was just anxiety so a couple years ago uh me and my girlfriend decided to just quit coffee and switch to tea this is my new favorite thing and my favorite tea I just love the taste of it is Earl gry and it's actually really cheap basically you just get this tea right here and you get hot boiling water in here and then you just scoop some tea in there and this really isn't going to work because this isn't actually hot water right now but let's pretend that that's going to steep for a little bit and then after about 4 minutes I get my little cup and check this thing out this is um what is this thing called again a cup no this one oh but basically you take this you put it on top and it has this little magical little device right here where it just goes right through and then you have your tea right here put the cap back on and enjoy your tea [Music] all right what is this yellow thing this is my favorite book this is the book that changed my life it's called Deep work when I first started my business it was a side hustle I had a full-time job and obviously I had to pay the bills I had to go into work from you know 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and that left me with only a few hours left in the day to actually make progress and I found myself kind of scattered I had like Twitter open I had all these different things open and I wasn't getting anything done then I found this book and I learned about this idea of deep work which is basically distraction free work so I actually built my business while I had a full-time job by waking up early going to the Starbucks down the street locking in putting my headphones on putting my playlist on blocking all Sites blocking all distractions turning my phone off and just doing deep work actually coding writing delegating and doing like the hardest scariest things that I had to do to actually get a business launched while I had a full-time job after 365 days I built a business that made money and I was able to quit my job and it was really just that deep work showing up every day and actually making progress in this crazy distracted world that we live in and Shameless plug I believe in deep work so much that I've created a community around deep work inside the starter story Academy there are hundreds of people doing deep work right now logging their progress logging their deep workk hours building their idea getting feedback and actually launching their thing and changing their life if it's something that you think that you would be interested in trying out you can download our deep work checklist it's a full checklist on how to do the most effective deep work if you have a full-time job and how that can tie into actually building a business the link is in the description I'd love if you guys checked it out [Music] so this is a 16in MacBook Pro it's the perfect size if you know what I'm saying I think the 16in is perfect because it has like a big enough screen that you can not need an external Monitor and also it can fit in your backpack I I like it so that this is all that I need so that if I'm working from a coffee shop or I'm working from the airplane or I'm working from somewhere all the way across the world or if I'm just working in my house that I don't need anything I don't need a mouse I don't need a keyboard I don't need an external monitor I have my whole setup right here if Apple charged $20,000 for this I would still buy it I think it is the most it just blows my mind that you know in 2024 now that you can build a billion dooll business from one laptop in one idea do you remember the uh the video with Alex Goldberg I think his name was it was my laptop we were using for boll and they were talking talking about all the uh crumbs on his laptop in the comments I didn't see that was because when we flew there I ate one of those little you know those little uh gingerbread things that gave you on the flight and I've got crumbs all over it you've probably heard of this before this is Reddit one of the biggest websites in the world one of the biggest Platforms in the world one of the best ways to get the first customers for your startup I had created starter story I thought it was going to be this Mass success when I first created the website and then no one showed up right after a few months of trying to figure out how can I get customers I created one post on Reddit that essentially went viral and it wasn't even that Viral it got like 400 up votes or something like that but that led to like a thousand people that signed up for my email list and then led to like the first customers and the first audience building that I ever did the hard part about Reddit is redditors they [ __ ] hate spam they can smell your solicitation from a mile away my advice for anyone who's trying to get their first customer on Reddit or trying to just get their first customer in general is go to those subreddits sort by the top posts and look for posts that are kind of secretly showing off a startup you'll probably figure something out and don't give up on the first try either keep trying and eventually you'll get your first customer I know like a bunch of Founders we've interviewed some people here on starter story who through one Reddit post they changed their life they quit their job and they built a business that changed their lives [Music] woo I love that smell all right so what do we got here all right we got my favorite thing probably in the world which is tennis when you're building a business especially if you're doing something like a solopreneur you get so caught up in the online world and all the results and all the metrics that one of the best things I've done is found a hobby that can take me away from that for even just an hour or two per day I picked up tennis maybe four years ago when covid was happening you know before that I was doing a lot of running I was I ran a couple marathons I liked running but I would always kind of dread going for runs a little bit and when I started playing tennis I found myself wanting to get up early in the morning and go play and looking forward every single time for anybody that's struggling to get to the gym or work out my number one advice is to find something that's actually fun to do that doesn't feel like working out I've heard rock climbing is pretty good I've heard pickle ball and Tennis is the one for me who's your favorite tennis player jokovic Novak jokovic is my favorite tennis player because he's the black sheep nobody liked him he was the underdog and as you guys know I love the underdog [Music] this right here this is our pride and joy this is our 100,000 YouTube subscriber plaque in 2024 it doesn't matter what product you build it doesn't matter how good your product is it is about the distribution of your product YouTube is I think one of the best ways to do that because there's real people watching this right now real people behind the screen that actually you build a relationship with can change your life overnight by just creating a video how crazy is that so I think that's amazing I think that YouTube is the future like you just saw that Tom Brady and Cristiano Ronaldo created YouTube channels everybody wants to be on YouTube everybody wants to be a YouTuber now and it's definitely not too late so I think that YouTube is probably one of the most it's the most essential thing in starter stories business it has changed our business and I want to create more great content that you guys love and uh we'll see you at a million subscribers [Music] so tell me about your addiction this one's going to get dark by the way yeah good my name is Pat and I'm a nicotin holic this is Zen these are pouches of nicotine that you can put into your mouth and get high being completely transparent and vulnerable I've been addicted to nicotine on and off my whole life in high school I had my first cigarette and I love that [ __ ] that [ __ ] was amazing I was chasing that high for a long time I'm not proud of this I'm ashamed of it but the goal of this video is to be honest with you and show you the actual things that I use on the day-to-day I like it for zoning in for coding pop that in zone in put my headphones on and just do the thing this [ __ ] is super addicting and actually my family has a history of heart disease so when I told my doctor this they told me that I needed to get off of it immediately so right now put it in the comments and tell me that I should stop and I hope to be off it by next time billion dooll company [ __ ] legit best kept secret in business is this product right here tell me about it this is clavo it is email marketing software it's email and SMS marketing software right now we have a list of 250 to 300,000 people which means we spent about $4,000 a month and send some millions of emails every month this is actually cheap compared to the revenue that it generates it technically generates somewhere between 80 to $120,000 a month it's different every month but that would be like an average of what that looks like so funny story is actually clavio they were the very very first sponsor of starter Story the CEO who started it he sent me a check for $12,000 to sponsor the newsletter they're probably a big reason that starter story exists now but you don't have to use clavio I think the most important thing is that you do Implement some sort of email marketing strategy into your business I think it's is one of the most underrated things that people don't actually do really simple stuff like having a welcome sequence when someone signs up to your email list you send one two three four five different emails and tell a story in your emails and then set up basic stuff like when they go to your checkout page and they don't buy something you send them some emails to remind them and potentially even send them a discount these are called either called email flows or email sequences all businesses that make a lot of money they do this so yeah clavio that [ __ ] works thank you guys for watching I hope you got some inspiration maybe found a cool thing or two I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO mjCa8IFjM2E =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $10K/Month AI Image Generator
DURATION: 861.0
TRANSCRIPT:
when I started AI career which is at 8,000 Mr currently I was still an employee at IBM how did this girl build a $100,000 Pere AI app while working a full-time job well it's because of how she's growing it to find customers online uh you have to think about where your clients are Pauline spent her first few years as a part-time Indie hacker building side projects but not seeing much success then after several failures she found a winning idea in one of the hottest yet most saturated Industries right now ai apps but it turns out there's still plenty more opportunity than you might think I think the biggest opportunity might be to I spent over an hour talking to Pauline about her AI business and what I really tried to figure out was how she was able to succeed in such a crowded Market good news is she shares everything how to find good ideas her framework for marketing and AI tools and some unique ways to reduce turn for your users all right let's get into it I'm Pat walls and this is starter story welcome Pauline thank you for coming on it's great to have you tell me about who you are and the business you built hi I'm paen and I built AI Crea it's a service to renovate home in s thanks to AI you just upload a picture to the service you selected a style and uh a few seconds later you see your kitchen in a very modern or Scandinavian way AA has more than 8,000 user right now it makes around 8,000 every month on the business model when someone sign up to the SAS they have free trials and uh then they are required to pay to continue to use the Service pricing models is a onetime payment with a certain number of photos and you also have a monthly payment with some extra features so you built this $100,000 per year app while you had a full-time job tell me more about that I learned to cult in uh engineering school after college I uh joined IBM and after this I kind of switch and I said okay thata science is not what I want to do all my life what I want to do on all my life is entrepreneurship but I wasn't ready to make a big jump of uh uh becoming an N Harker because I needed money as well when I work at IBM I had only the night and weekends I stopped IBM in June two months ago I think it's really different when you are working on a day job or you are Hindi hacking full time wow that's amazing so your side project allowed you to quit your 9 to5 and now you're a full-time founder what I want to know is how do you come up with ideas I think I usually find ideas when I encounter some problem either me or friends when it's friends like for a carea I ask question a lot of question really you have this problem but when how frequent you have this problem I really think am I able to do better am I able to build something around it am I able to monetize it and to find clients that's really important question and if the answer is yes to everything I start on working on it okay cool so we talked about ideas we talked about problems my question is once you find that idea how do you validate that is an idea worth building and that it can make money I start some marketing or I start to communicate on my product if I have some client kind of quickly then I said okay maybe there is something that I could do around it like for air I build an MVP and then I show it to a few real estate agent that I found online or in personal Network for people that say that's awesome I want to buy it now and they actually paid for this so that was the validation okay so get your MVP out there see if people are interested that is the way to build but can you tell me a little bit more about what it looks like to actually create that MVP in my opinion the sooner you chip the better because sometime you imagine your client want this but what they actually want is this so it's really hard to imagine what your clients want if you don't have clients when you start don't expect everything to be perfect AI ca for instance MVP was a simple features bad quality it was done maybe in month but uh then it's a year of work to improve it Pauline is the perfect example of how one person can turn a simple idea into thousands of dollars even while working a full-time job and her blueprint was simple she found an idea she built a really simple MVP and then she validated that it could actually make money by getting it in front of her actual customers that final step is where almost everyone goes wrong and this is why we built the starter story Academy it's a 5we program where you'll come up with an idea you'll build something simple and then you'll spend all your time focused on validation and if this thing can actually make money inside the academy is a clear and actionable track you can follow with Milestones deadlines and it's all gamified to get you to take action and work on the things that matter this is not just another course this is the turning point in your journey imagine what you could accomplish in 5 weeks if you simply worked on the right thing what's even cooler is that you'll do it inside our community of thousands of successful Founders working on similar problems and building online businesses that will change their lives so if you're serious about actually doing this thing and you're ready to take action I'm going to leave a link in the description where you can learn more okay so we build the MVP how do we go and actually find customers to find customers online uh you have to think about where your clients are you have many social media like for instance Faceook Facebook or LinkedIn or Reddit go through them and just type in the search bar like you are looking for real estate agent type it in LinkedIn let's see if you can find some communities on it for instance AI Crea my best marketing channel is uh probably Facebook and physical event maybe because real estate agent it's really an activity of human but for nexts directory my main marketing channel is Twitter because I have big audience there and my audience is mainly developers or people who want to do handy hacking so this product really is a fit with them okay so the best places to Market our products are where our customers hang out right but what if we want to accelerate that growth at the very beginning what are specifically some good places to launch apps as a solopreneur now I prefer to launch on product in order to get a backlink for SEO because it's a very good backlink but the visibility is less good than it used to be so I'm launching on product on and also on Twitter because I have a big audence there probably I will use my newsletter as well I didn't launch nextory on Facebook but I launched C on Facebook all right so now you got people interested in the product the next thing I go to is how to monetize it how do you determine plans and overall pricing strategy for an app like yours if you sell for a low price you you have an image of being a low cost you don't have the same client by selling low cost to high cost and also by selling higher price you might have less clients but it's less support as well so you have to also think about how do you want to be perceived and how much support are you able to deliver as well okay let's talk about business models do you prefer a recurring subscription or onetime payment I'd love to hear your thoughts on this I like to offer both subscription and one time payment because some people really don't like subscription I had a few subscription in many services and it was a nightmare to consel I don't like this kind of retention my button is very clear when you subscribe you have it consel and it's really easy I think it's really important to earn trust from your customer as well all right I love it besides building trust with customers are there any other hacks to reduce turn or just increase Revenue in general uh last year I had a high churn and I really reduced it like drastically by adding yearly plan it sounds stupid but now they are engaged for a year so they will use the service better the second one is uh I did a free trial so now people can try before subscribing they are able to see if the service uh fit their need and the third point is I really improve the service like the quality it's much better than uh last year it feels really like a photo okay and what's the tech stack you use how do you stay up to- date with AI and run your business profitably I use a Discord every day to talk with my cofounder and people are working with us I use crisp for the support clients that they can chat with us uh through the chat window I use Twitter a lot to share my journey to share what's new on AI Crea LinkedIn as well I'm starting to use it I use also buffer to schedule my tweets behive to send my newsletters but I'm still on the free trial on this one bra for the marketing automation of EMS the database authentification is super base but this is more like technical uh tool I guess I mainly use negs as a language but for AI models I use um python I think my business cost around three or 4,000 uh EUR to run each month But it includes servers it includes some marketing like we run ads sometimes also it could be the cost of a freelancer and going to personal event I could cut some cost but uh for the moment I'm not trying to save the most money I'm trying to invest uh in order to grow the business okay tell me about the biggest opportunities in the AI space right now I think the biggest opportunities might be to insert AI in uh existing product you receive email every day what if you have an AI that can help you to answer to your email this is a Services plugged in another one and that's something that uh could do because biggest opportunities I think is service got it okay another question for you since the space is heavily dominated by dudes how does it feel for you to be a successful girl Indie hacker yeah I don't know why but girls are not uh visible they are not doing much in the hacking so please uh don't uh retain yourself if you are girl to think oh but there is only men it's not for me no it's for you as well if you enjoy calling if you enjoy SAS please do it I think it's really important also if you are a girl to be visible because you will inspire other to do the same don't hide yourself or return yourself from building if it's something that you you want to try all right last question that we always ask all founders when we interview them if you could stand on a younger Pauline's shoulder and give her some advice maybe when you were just starting out what would you tell her okay so if you want to start IND theia King please don't wait for the perfect product challenge just start to do something because it's high likely that your first product will fail I mean I don't know any entrepreneur who achieved the success at the first time so you will learn a lot during during the journey so please chip very fast uh lunch when you have an MVP and ask for a lot of feedbacks and be consistent and also I think uh make connection with people who are doing mding we exchange best practices we exchange tips we exchange some things that didn't work in order to to improve us and my biggest lesson was uh I think it was to invest in yourself you are the common point of every project that you build and uh think about how you can reach your customers don't think like oh I okay could do some Reddit message or discard message or DM people I mean think about really how you could build genuine connection to your customers thank you for coming on the starter story Channel sharing everything you know and inspiring millions of people to start their own business see you yo guys I really hope you enjoyed the video and got some good nuggets with Pauline I think the business that she built is really impressive and I really like the way that she went about building it talking to customers and actually building something that people needed but I want to say something real quick at the end of the day the purpose of this video is to show you that regular people like Pauline change their lives by building a business but watching this video is not going to magically give you a business that changes your life you need to go find an idea you need to take action and you need to work relentlessly to validate it and see if it's something that can actually work while learning is important and action is the thing that's actually going to get you your dream outcome so if you feel like you're still struggling on this maybe some analysis paralysis not exactly sure what to work on then I highly recommend checking out the starter story Academy again it's not for everyone it's only if you're really serious about actually doing this thing actually building a business while you have a full-time job that could change your life inside the academy you'll get an actionable blueprint to follow every day it will give you the right habits but most importantly it will put you on the path on how to find an idea how to validate it's an idea that can actually make money and how to actually build that idea and bring it to life just head to the first link in the description if you want to learn more much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO TNZmNIYv050 =====
TITLE: Faceless: From Immigrant to $1M/Year
DURATION: 1131.0
TRANSCRIPT:
What's your story? I'm an anonymous designer on X and I make $1.2 million a year. Being anonymous gives me some uh peace. This is Nick Buzz, an immigrant turned millionaire who started his journey in India. But in the beginning, nobody believed in him. I went back to my dad and I said, "Okay, I'm not doing engineering. I'll do animation." and instant reaction was, "These cribles or paintings will not make you any money. Don't come back to me crying if things don't work out." With all the odds stacked against him, Nick left India to chase his dreams. At just 17 years old, I didn't have any plans around like what I'll be doing in Canada, what's the future like? I never took a plane anywhere. It was just escape. I have to prove him and myself that I can make a living out of design. After months of struggle, Nick's dreams started to come to life. So, I was making around like 80 or $90,000 uh a year just doing freelancing. I was like happy. I was burnt out. Like I was working 16 to 18 hours at some point 20 hours a day just working, working, no friends, no personal life, never going out to do anything. I didn't like the direction that I was going in. when he thought he finally had it figured out, it all came crashing down. I couldn't even spend money because I didn't have any money. If I had to do something, it has to be now. I had like I think 2 months of savings. That's when I was like, "Okay, I'm I'm leaving." With everything on the line, Nick takes the leap and decides to finally build a business that changes his life. But this time, he'll do it differently. I didn't want any attention on who I am and where I'm coming from. I don't want anyone in my family to know that I was doing something. Being anonymous, I don't have to think about all of that. And that's when everything changed. In August, we took it to $24,000. Next month, we made 48,000 recurring revenue, 94,000, 110, 120, 160. This is the story of how Nick Buzz went from immigrant to making $1 million a year without ever having to show his face online. Welcome to Starter Story. [Music] I come from a lower middle-ass family. Uh my dad is a police. He always wanted me to do engineering or doctor or anything that has to do with computers or finance because that's the usual direction every kid takes. But I was into arts a lot. I used to draw. Arts was one way I could just go deep and be me. So I went back to my dad when he was sleeping around I think 1:00 or 2:00 a.m. I woke him up and I said, "Okay, I'm not doing engineering. This is not going to happen. I'll do animation." And an instant reaction was these scribbles or paintings will not make you any money. Don't come back to me crying if things don't work out. When that happened, I was like, okay, I have to prove him and myself that I can make a living out of design. To do that, I used to always clean my room, just working, working, working, no friends, no personal life, never going out to do anything. I have to like do this, make this happen, make money, pay things, see how far I can go. Nick decides that he doesn't want to take the traditional path. Instead, while still in India, he chooses to learn design. And to sharpen his skills and make his first dollar, Nick starts to compete in logo design contests. I think I participated in around 200 odd competitions. Just work, work, work. The friend who suggested that I should get into logo designing around 6 month mark, he asked me what's happening. He said, "No, I'm not making any money." He said, "Give up. It's not going to happen. That's too long. I think you should know when to back out." I didn't say anything to him. I just said, "Let me try. What's there to lose?" 6 months into his design journey, despite all the efforts, Nick saw no results. Then one day, it all changed. My parents were out and they asked me, "Do you want to come to us this party?" I said, "No, I think I'll stay here, try to see if I can win this contest." And I won the contest. I was jumping on the bed. It was too much for me uh for a 17year-old to earn like I think 10,000 rupees or $200 back then. Parents came home. I told them like I want $200. They're like skeptical. No way. No one is paying you all into that. Nick knows that design can make him a living. So he decides to enroll in a local college. But there's still a problem. His friends and family in India are doubtful that this is anything more than a fun passion project. So he starts looking for an escape. They had a college affiliated in Canada in Toronto. I didn't have any plans around like what I'll be doing in Canada. What's the future like? I never took a plane to anywhere. It was just escape. My parents, people around them, my friends and people around them, a lot a lot of them doubted that you could actually make money or design is a thing. Canada was an escape. In Nick's head, Canada is the ticket to living his dream. People are way more open-minded. There's lots of design jobs, and it's going to be easier to land a position with his skill set. So, he scrapes together all the money he made so far with freelancing and moves to another side of the planet by himself at 17 years old. I thought like I could coming to Canada, I would have more opportunities, but the problem was I was still 17. I used to send rums. I used to contact people like no one cared, no one replied back cuz there's no experience and I'm still a teenager. Was not actively designing so I didn't make any money. Didn't even have $100. Like I went to this hair salon in Vancouver after the uh haircut. She said it cost uh $150. I didn't have $150. So I called my dad. He was sleeping again midnight in India. Asked him to transfer money so I could pay for the haircut. It was bad. I said, "Yeah, I'm going to make my own living. I don't need anyone's money." And then having to go back to him just to pay for a haircut. Yeah, it was not good. Nick is proof that entrepreneurship can be a lonely journey at the beginning, especially when you aren't making any money yet. And that's because when you're starting a new business, you don't really know a whole lot. You don't know if your product is good. You don't know how to validate it. You don't know how to market it. And you don't know how to monetize or sell. But these are all things you can learn. And the best way to learn is by studying people that have already done it. And that's what Starter Story is all about. It's a library of inspiration, practical advice, and actual case studies that you can learn from and use to grow your business. So, if you want to check out Starter Story and learn how thousands of founders just like you turned a simple side project into a business that completely changed their lives, then head to the first link in the description. Now, back to Nick's story. Nick starts doubting his decision to become a designer for the first time in his life. But he still has the desire to prove everyone wrong. So to have a better chance of making his design dreams work, he decides to get a degree. When I joined the university, I was taught in English, but it's not my first language. I'm not fluent. It's hard to start a conversation. It's hard to form a sentence because every time you have to translate it in your brain and then speak out. I also was not making money and u spending three times the amount that the local student would spend on education. With an empty bank account, Nick makes a bold move and enrolls into college. But now he's facing a $16,000 tuition fee. Then on the first day of his studies, he experiences a miracle. Around 2016, some dev found me on Dribble and the dev recommended me to the client. I just worked with them for like 2 days and they gave me $3,200. I was like happy. I'm like first day of university and I made $3,200. I think I can pay half of my tuition fee for the next semester. Little did I know that the client stayed with me for the next 3 and a half years. So, I was making around like 80 or $90,000 uh a year just doing freelancing. Even though Nick had a highpaying client, the out ofstate tuition still kept him in the red every month. I had a girlfriend and she's my wife now. I couldn't uh buy her stuff. I couldn't even spend money because I didn't have any money. Anytime people used like, "Oh, let's go out, have fun, or just hang out." I didn't do that. I don't even have any friends at the university cuz I always work, work, work. That's it. Just making sure that I pay my bills and stay here longer. Nick poured everything into his freelancing clients, but it still wasn't enough. His luck had run out and the income wasn't what it used to be. But he still wants to make a career out of his passion for design. So he turns to the only option left, a nine-to-five job. Facebook came to the university and they had a internship session. I did the interview and I got the uh offer on the same day for an internship. Facebook was uh out of the world for me. Like I was getting paid 8,000 USD the brand name. When people know that I work for a certain company, they have a different way of talking to you and uh they respect you more than normal. Nick successfully climbs the corporate ladder, proving everyone wrong. But he quickly realizes that his job at Meta is the exact opposite of the dreams that fueled him to leave India in the first place. [Music] End of 2022 is when I was like, I'm not liking the job. I had to restrict myself. There was no creative freedom. You get tired doing the same thing for too long. So I shouldn't move out. But I didn't know what I should be doing. And I asked my wife and she was like, "Oh, you should do business. Try to see if you can make money. If you don't make, you can always go back and do 9 to5." I was never a believer in that. Like I was like, "I'm scared. If I don't make money, I can't pay the mortgage bills, the car loans, and all of that." So I didn't want that on my head. But we're pregnant. The baby's on the way. If I had to do something, it has to be now. I had like I think two months of savings. That's when I was like, "Okay, I'm I'm leaving." With his back against the wall, Nick decides he has to make this entrepreneurship thing work. So, he goes to the one place online where entrepreneurs thrive, Twitter. But he doesn't want to be in the spotlight. He doesn't want to share his identity. He wonders if there's another way. Being anonymous gives me some uh peace. I didn't want any attention on who I am and where I'm coming from. So, I just wanted to like post whatever I want. I get really bad migraines, but that's too much attention. And I don't want anyone in my family to know that I was doing something. Again, the same people will come back saying like, "Why did you leave Meta? Like, that's a good job." Being anonymous, I don't have to think about all of that. I'm still me. My personal life is not affected. Also, the main reason was uh being an introvert. [Music] People used to post their landing pages saying, "Oh, I just designed this landing page and this is my new website." So, I just took someone's post, quote tweeted it, said roasted and then added few things that I thought I improved and it worked. People started like seeing it. a lot of code tweets and no one reached out to me saying they're going to give me money, but people can see that I can do something. At this point, Nick has an audience and he's getting his name out there, but still isn't making money from his online business. Yet, he's having fun again, reigniting his passion for design that he's had since he was a kid. He's waking up every day excited, ready to crack the code to finally making money with his own business. I said, "Okay, I'll launch this design kit which will have around like 50 landing pages and I'll charge you $9." People bought it. That actually gave me some assurance that okay, I can make money from this uh venture and then moved into the entire get baked where we started charging $50 at one point for a landing page and then 100 150 $200 $250 $300. We made around six or $7,000 in one month at peak. Nick gets his first taste of entrepreneurial success. This is what he was looking for all along. Anonymity, creative freedom, stable income, all while doing what he loves. He was launching projects one after another, following his curiosity, and diversifying his income even further. But as they say, what comes up must come down. At some point, I was doing 18 to 10 different projects max. I think 12 projects. I was burnt out. Like I was working 16 to 18 hours. At some point, 20 hours a day. It was good to have so many income streams coming in, but your focus is also all over the place. You don't know what to do. I was I was doing too many things. Uh I I didn't like the direction that I was going in. Nick realized that he had way too many projects. If he wanted to become successful, he'd have to focus on just one of them, but he couldn't decide which one had the most potential. Luckily, one day he got a recommendation from a fellow designer named Alex. When she said we should start baked, I said, "No, I don't believe that the market needs one more design subscription agency." She said, "Oh, yeah, okay." But after one or two weeks, he came back saying, "Oh, yeah. I have the website." People liked it and all of that, but no one paid for it. No one wants to pay 5,000 or 6,000 or even $2,000. So, we went back to roasting. Nick and Alex launch a design service where the clients pay monthly. But because of the premium price tag, it didn't take off right away. But then Nick would post something that would change everything. One client just like one lead just booked a call. Next day I got on the call and I asked him like how did you see our work and why did you come to us? He said I saw your tiny UI post. I was like oh my god like that's the worst product I launched and you had to come through that but I'm glad he did. And he was our first client who I think we charged $4317 per month for 2017. You constantly have to market yourself. You have to be out there. You have to be aggressive. You have to have a tone that brings people in. It's okay if you're controversial. It works. End of July is when we made our first money from Baked. And then in August, we took it to $24,000 monthly recurring revenue. Next month we made 48,000 recurring revenue, 94,000, 110, 120, 160, and then it flatlined to like 120, 100. And with Alex, we both worked together, just us, only two of us till December. When the baby was born, I uh had to take time off and uh Alex took over and after I came back, yeah, we we started hiring. We always have like one person who's full-time and then few part-time freelancers. So, life really nice. It's much better in terms of quality of life. I can just throw money at like problems instead of thinking about them. Oh, nanny, she wants $4,000, $5,000 per month. No issues. I can pay for that. My dad was here. My mom was here. And uh he was sorry. It's like I shouldn't have said that. I should have at least believed in you or giving you some time to see what you can do instead of just saying don't come back home. He has no idea what to do. Mom has no idea what to do. They just know that I make money and they're happy about it. That's it. [Music] Coming from me, I think you should never doubt yourself. I know it's hard to like not see results instantly. Just trust the process. Believe in what you're doing. Don't just waver into like 100 other things just because you can. It's okay to start anonymous or just faceless account. While you do that, be as authentic as possible. Don't be a guy who's just pushing out marketing or money related stuff. Talk to people. Interact with them. Tell your story in a way that people are inclined to talking to you. Build a community and be with them. And once you feel like you can come out of it, the anonymity, feel free to do it. You have to take the leap. No one's going to do it for you. The best part about Nick's story is that he didn't wait for permission to chase his dreams. He just went for it. He took the leap. But sometimes it's scary to take the leap, especially when you're new to entrepreneurship because you don't know much. Well, the best way to learn what you don't know is to study people who know what you don't. That's why I created Starter Story. It's a library of over 4,000 case studies, ideas, and stories that you can learn from and apply to your own business. So, if you're still feeling a bit lost, I'm going to be giving you a free list of 160 plus solopreneur business ideas to help you get inspired and start building your own thing. It'll include a bunch of winning ideas, strategies, and other cool information about how regular people built businesses to millions of dollars. Just click the link in the description. Also, if you want to actually get serious about building your idea, then consider joining Starter Story and we will help you do that. I really hope you guys enjoyed this new format, this Faceless Millionaire style of video. We're cooking up some more new stuff, so stay tuned. All right, I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace. [Music]


===== VIDEO TCGXT7ySco8 =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $12K/Month Micro SaaS
DURATION: 928.0
TRANSCRIPT:
two years ago I quit my job I started building trying uh experimenting and uh just recently I reached the Milestone of thinkk Mr how does this guy make over $10,000 a month with screenshots well it's because he works within the niche he knows best I knew how to build like it was kind of my super skill you know before becoming an indie hacker demitro started his journey as an employee I was working most of my life as a developer writing quote in startups and companies building products but one day he finally had enough and decided to take the leap and go all in on his dream even having the best job in the world huge salary still I felt that something pushed me into another Direction it was kind of my childhood dream now demitro is a solopreneur making a great living coding and building his own products and all of his success comes down to one thing you need to be persistent enough to try anything to just get to this $ in this video demitro shares exactly how he went from 9 to5 to solopreneur and how anybody watching this could do something similar and spoiler alert he shares a lot of good stuff including his framework for building ideas faster some unconventional marketing channels he uses to get lots of paying customers and his unique strategy to keep those customers for longer now let's Jump Right In I'm Pat walls and this is starter story hey man welcome tell us a little bit about who you are and what you built let's TR let's TR hi I am mro I'm building uh screenshot one it's my main focus and this is a product that helps uh companies from small to big to automate uh screenshots So currently I am at 280 customers making around $12,000 mon recovering Revenue this is subscription model you subscribe to a product and pay for example $17 a months and if you need extra screenshots extra features and so on you pay extra nice tell us the story about how you got started out with screenshot one of course I had like millions of ideas but when I was into this journey I realized I need to you know to reduce my space of ideas to something that I can really build it should be a quality product and as since I was a backend developer server side developer I knew how to build apis like it was kind of my super skill I reduced my list of areas only to API products one of the ideas was and I built it it was email validation API somehow it it looked super boring for me so I just focused on screenshot one I went to Google and I saw so many competitors it means there are people paying also that was good aristic to evaluate denish you know so you realized that there were similar tools to what you wanted to build and people were already paying for these tools but isn't having competitors bad how should others think about this when they're choosing their business idea having some Niche with competitors is good you can probably also find some numbers you can see how many customers they have almost every area you want to build it's not unique it's really hard to invent something unique and even if you invent this thing who said people need it you know the only thing you need to check there is enough of this us users that will satisfy your goal for example you want to have 10K Mr you probably need to check if there is enough of companies for example which need screenshot uh software and they will pay you like this amount of money all right so you validated the niche but how did you go about validating the actual product did you ask for people's opinions the problem is people are really nice some of the people can just pay you you know even for non-existing product but you still don't know will they use it or not will it help them or not till you build it until you see this kind of companies that don't know you using your product yes but once you have at least 10 paying customers from outside Network and you didn't know them they just came and bought your product and use it that's for me like an ultimate validation okay so to validate the product we got to build it but we also got to make sure people want to pay for it tell us how this happened with screenshot one it took me 5 month to build it and launch it it was my first time I was launch I wanted to be everything perfect and so on it's mistake because uh you anyway your first version will be anyway not good let's say today I launch much much faster like I tried to launch in in one months or less I quickly build uh something really small in one feature I don't build unification I don't build payments anything and then I share it with my close friends for clicking and testing that it just works like nothing is breaking you know then I launch it on Twitter and so on yes and um if I can get access to my potential paying customers Direct I would just go to them just reach out to people and then probably it will be payments and then it will be notification and then I will start itating getting feedback and so on demitro is the perfect example of how a software engineer can turn his coding skills in a simple idea into a side project that makes thousands of dollars a month but that comes with working on the right idea and knowing the best methods to get those first paying users this is why I created starter story Academy a place that helps you find an idea validate that idea with real feedback and help you execute on that idea so you can turn it into a profitable side project that might just change your life so if you're curious about building a profitable side project like demitro and hundreds of other Founders just like him head to the first link in the description to learn a bit more about the academy and see if it's a fit for you now let's get back to our interview with demitro okay now we have a working product but how do we get customers which marketing channels work for you the best okay okay so when I started it was like I was trying almost everything and then I saw for me Twitter worked Google worked these are currently major channels for me then you have uh a lot of unobvious channels like zapier make a lot of people are using these tools for their businesses automating and if you can put your products onto these platforms you know people will find you also of course it was product hunt launch it helped me with the awareness and it helped me with the bo in my SEO some an obvious channel for me I probably will invest more in it is YouTube Somebody posted tutorial how to send cold emails with my product and I saw like pain customer coming from YouTube and I thought wow I can also publish tutorials on YouTube for this kind of technical product and people still can find me in SEO in Google it's pretty hard to get to the first position but for some keywords Google also shows videos you know like YouTube videos so you can post YouTube video and you can be run pretty high you know it's kind of HW I would say you know okay cool you got customers but how about keeping them how do you deal with churn of course I'm asking customers when they cancel subscription they have popup and they can choose reason and write their reason Buton didn't help because somebody answers we don't need this product anymore something like that you know so I started reaching out through emails I was checking their profile their company what was their use case what was the reason they specified and then I was like trying to guess why they CH and then I was like saying you know one yes no question did you CH because of let's say pricing and people started to answer you know like yes yes I did it because of that and so on and I almost got 100% the success rate of getting these answers it's a lot of manal work but it's good because it was building mental model in me why how people use my product why they CH and what happens you need to talk in support to people you need to talk after CH because sometimes you just realize somebody came and they're not your customer and one of the ways to fix this is to change your marketing you know to change your copy for example I was getting some people who were expecting my product to be like no code so I emphasized that it's for developers you know it's like you need to write code to integrate my product for me it was like let's 11% per month now it's uh close to 7 I want to get it down um less than 5% of customers be earning you know per month all right so talking to customers and testing your assumption is how you've reduceed turn let's talk about monetization now tell us how you made your first dollar with screenshot one I was promoting for one month my product everywhere like on every possible platform Twitter redit into hackers everywhere yes and uh just one person saw it found it valuable they paid $7 per month for for my product but for me it was a huge feeling it felt like a million dollar you know you need to be persistent enough to try anything to just get to this first dollar that's awesome tell us now how you decided on the pricing for your product at the beginning it was pretty simple $5 fell super cheap seven okay it's the simplest but my margins were almost zero so I decided to reduce the free plan and uh I rais prices for next Plant when you raise prices it really helps it's much stronger signal to get people who really want to use your product my current pricing is kind of an intuition like how much customers still can pay and it will be valuable for them and it will be good profit margin for me and we can still grow something like that you know it's like kind of an intuition cool now let's talk tchack what are the different tools software and languages you use to run this $100,000 per year SAS product I use typescript for managing headless browsers and Puppeteer Library I use uh go language for rate limiting managing API keys and so on I use cloud flare for storing screenshots as an API get to my product from the business perspective I use Google search console for analyzing Google yes keywords CTR and positions I use Google Keyword Planner for predicting volumes for keywords when I want to write some content I use uh post hul analytics for product like you know for building funnels and if I see somebody paid for for the product I want to know from which marketing channel they came yes I use POS hog for that and then I use crisp chat for live chat support and answering uh quick question questions to customers I have like my phone attached to it and if I see a message I try to answer immediately to it and if I can solve it I also try to solve it immediately I think that's probably most of the tools I use daily all right and if you don't mind me asking what do the profit margins look like for your product it's around from 40 to 60 person profit margins uh most of my costs are servers it's pretty expensive currently I render around let's say 2 million screenshots and I pay from 3 to 4,000 per month for servers total expenses should be around $4,500 I think like in total that's awesome so we already kind of talked about how having competitors is a good sign that you're building something lucrative but once we're in business how do we actually deal with those competitors and how do you go about it I think the moment you have um 10 paying customers like real customers who are not from your network not just for supporting you and using your product for their business and they extract value from it you just can focus on them and deploy feature for them optimize all your marketing for these kind of people and search for them for most solo Founders who want to build a simple business and to just cover their current life expenses and to leave of that business you probably don't need to be harsh enough and to be bad and you can be just nice kind build relationship with people and uh still uh get enough customers to pay your bills you know got it okay you've given us some great insights into what it takes to build a SAS business but now let's get a little bit more personal what does a day in a life look like for you it's it's pretty simple I wake up I help my wife to send kids to school to kindergarten then I just uh go home and drink a cup of coffee or I just go to some local cafe and drink a cup of coffee and I always always every morning I read at least one hour of some book so then I work till the evening when till kids uh come home and uh for example today I will go to play football soccer with friends yes on weekends I do some fun stuff traveling uh having time with my friends with my wife kids and so on if you're a solopreneur especially you need to take care of your mental health because it's like it's your only tool that you use every day and if you feel bad your quality of decisions are also much much worse you know you having clear mind and uh thinking is one of the most leveraged things you can do in your business I think okay cool now the last question that we ask all founders that we interview what would be your advice for entrepreneurs just starting out I want to say like don't listen to anybody including me and like any advice consume everything guys everything you can like try to find the most quality content you can but at the end of the day don't Outsource your decision to anybody you need to own it you need to have intuition like with the what are you going to build to Market to do with your business what kind of Journey you want to have yes try to act from your own mind like if you base your decisions don't out sort them don't ask people let's say tell me what to do or I want to quit my job what do you think should I quit it or not no you decide if you want to quit it quit it if not then not it's pretty hard to generalize any lessons for example I had good runaway but somebody quitting their job they don't have good runaway and it makes a huge difference some people treat money seriously and some people don't care like for example I was poor so for me losing all money it's not a big deal you know like I feel I can be destroyed and start again but for somebody for example who was growing in a good family it can be pretty scary so it's pretty hard to give advice for example just quit your job burn all the bridges you know and so on like it's it's pretty contextual thing to do yes all right thank you demitro for coming on I love the business that you built good luck with everything and have a great day thank you yo guys I really hope you enjoyed the video and got some actionable advice that you can take from demitro but I want to say something real quick at the end of the day the point of these videos is to teach you guys how to find ideas how to build them so hopefully you can start a profitable project on your own while learning is important action is the thing that's going to get you that dream outcome and if you're still struggling to to take action no matter what then I highly recommend you check out the academy it's the community I wish that I had when I first started and it's got a bunch of resources to help you get those first users with your idea just head to the first link in the description if you're ready to commit and you're ready to take action much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO loXc0Tyi4R4 =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $40K/Month iPhone App
DURATION: 1022.0
TRANSCRIPT:
so my mobile app puff count is currently doing $40,000 per month in recurring Revenue I honestly don't think you need any experience to build mobile apps because to be H like I didn't have any how did this guy build a $40,000 per month mobile app with no coding experience well it's all because of his unconventional approach to shipping marketing really is 95% of the success of a mobile app Steven creada started his journey as a typical online entrepreneur jumping from one business model to another while not seeing really any success with anything but one day he stumbled upon mobile apps and immediately recognized the opportunity not a lot of people are doing mobile apps right now but it's a lot easier than a lot of people think to get into it's UNT so I gave Stephen a call and asked him about his business and how anyone can start building similar profitable mobile apps from scratch luckily he shared his entire process how to find and validate your idea how to build an app with no experience and how to Market and monetize it all right let's get into it I'm Pat walls and this is starter story what's up Stephen it's exciting to have you thanks for joining the show can you tell me a little bit more about yourself and the business that you built yeah sure I'm Steven kada I build Viral mobile apps I've amassed over 12 million downloads on my apps in total I'm working on an app right now called Puff count that is currently doing $40,000 in monthly recurring Revenue so this is the last 30 days of sales for puff count as you can see we did $43,000 in sales if we look at the last 90 we have done just over $112,000 in sales so before we get into how people can actually start building these apps can you tell us what you really like about this business model with apps there's unlimited scale you can reach anyone on the planet and all you have to do is build it once and you can sell it a million times so it's unlike any other business in that way but also it's a lot easier than a lot of people think to get into with no code tools and with upw work you can build these apps in less than a month and there's templates online so you can start you don't have to start from scratch anymore the biggest misconception people have is that like it's hard to get into so like not a lot of people are doing mobile apps right now it's untapped but I honestly don't think you need any experience to build mobile apps because to be H like I didn't have any I don't design anything I don't develop anything I just have the idea and I know how to put a team together like you just need to be driven and not not give up on your idea got it okay let's talk about how you can actually build something like this step by step everything starts with an idea right can you share your ideation process I take mental notes of problems that I experience in my day-to-day life if you're building an app from the position of solving a problem for yourself you become the ideal user and that makes you so much better at creating the product and making it useful for the people you're trying to reach if you can solve a problem for someone and you can kind of take them through this transformation whether it be weight loss dieting quitting vaping if you can improve someone's life they are going to love your product and the marketing becomes much easier as well right because you can be like hey you have XYZ problem here's the solution so everything becomes easy if you're solving a problem for someone Steven is the perfect example of how someone with zero experience turned a simple idea into thousands of dollars but that came with knowing the right information and having the right problem to solve now imagine there was a place that gave you all this the problems to solve the blueprints to solve them and the strategies that turn simple ideas into million-dollar online businesses well that's what you're going to get at starter story it's a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this all backed by data from real entrepreneurs so if you're serious about building a profitable side project head to the first link in the description and we're going to give you 52 micro SAS ideas just like Stevens so you can get started on your journey right now okay so scratching your own itch is definitely the way to go if you want to find a painful problem but what do you do after you get the idea for your app how do you actually validate it's an idea worth building I did market research I looked at sensor Tower looked at other you know quit drinking or quit smoking cigarettes apps and I saw that they were crushing it looked at Google Trends saw that vaping was on the rise and then probably the most important part was I looked on Tik Tok I saw that Vape videos were going super viral on Tik Tok but I think where a lot of young entrepreneurs especially fall short is they they give up on the idea too quickly if you have a good idea and it solves a problem for people like commit to it just like me for puff count the first four to 6 months I didn't make any money it was only after I locked in the marketing like marketing is 90% of being successful and validating an idea all right we'll definitely touch on the marketing later but for now let's focus on building the app what do you do after the idea is locked in what I do is I brain dump everything so I get on Google Docs and I brain dump all the ideas all the features that I want in the app I put all the competitors there and I kind of write out you know what I think the app should do and then from there I literally take a piece of paper and a pencil and I start to sketch out the app when you're looking at these competitors and you're seeing who's making money in your niche in the Market On the App Store you should be taking note of everything their features their onboarding their UI that will give you a good guide into what a get app looks like and then you take those sketches and you upload them to a site called 99 designs you upload sketches and you say here's the app here's the premise of it here are the features make my app come to life and you'll have 50 60 sometimes 70 plus professional UI designers all submit their idea of what your app should look like this is how I develop the UI for literally all of my apps okay and what about turning that design into an actual working app how do you build it with no coding experience you go on to upwork and you look for a developer you can price it based on like the complexity of your app for an app like puff counts fairly straightforward couple main features you get that done for less than 5 grand right you can get the MVP out there I recommend only hiring developers from Eastern Europe they're going to give you the best quality code for a cheaper price once you have your developer that you'd like to go with you do it on a per project completion basis so I don't pay anyone per hour I pay them when the app is complete it's on the store there's no bugs but 100% you can build an app for less than $1,000 you can go to a website called theme forest and you can download pretty decent starter template for any app out there and again you know just launching an MVP like keep it simple and if your budget is tighter like the simpler your app the better and how do we trust the developer what if they steal the idea for our app it's never been a problem for me and also your ideas are worth absolutely nothing and more likely than not the idea that you have for this app already exists so like the idea is out there you just have to trust someone I always take like a 15-minute interview call with with the people that I like from the applicants on upwork I get their Vibe I see are they coming to the table with more ideas for my app do they seem excited about it how they present but you have to get past that fear of hiring someone online that you don't really know like that's part of being a Founder is finding great talent trusting them and iterating as you go okay now let's talk about the elephant in the room marketing share your strategy marketing really is 95% of the success of a mobile app and Tik Tok is the best way to Market any app the only thing you need to be successful on Tik Tok is you need to know how to do market research so that's exactly what I did I went on Tik Tok I typed in vaping and I saved all of the most viral videos there and I put them into a spreadsheet so I could really understand what the hook was what the value was how they were shooting the content for example this one that got 8.3 million views drove tens of thousands of downloads for puff count I saw a viral video this guy had like 20 million plus views taking apart a vape so I was like okay cool I'm going to use the same concept and I'm going to show people exactly what are in a vape and then at the end conveniently call to action baby nothing crazy I think we're lot of people go wrong is like they'll make the entire video about their product and they'll talk about the features and all this other stuff and then it becomes a clear sales video like that sucks no one wants to watch a sales video on Tik Tok my Tik toks are entertainment first call to action at the end a quick two second call to action okay so right now Tik Tock organic is the bread and butter of marketing mobile apps but are there any other marketing channels that have worked well for you the beautiful thing about organic Tik Tok is if the video does well organically it's a great indicator that it's a great creative in general you put them on paid ads and click the spend my money button that's literally all you have to do because as long as the creative is good the algorithms on Facebook ads or Tik Tok ads or whatever they will optimize around that solid creative and they will find you customers what you can also do is you can find influencers on these platforms and you can pay them to make content for you in my experience it's tough to you know work with influencers they always want a ton of cash and they don't really care you know how the videos perform for you but you can find those diamond in the rough creators and you can reach out to them and get pretty cheap content and you can use that in scale that way uh as well okay cool now let's talk about the next step of the process of building a mobile app monetization what's the best strategy to turn these users or turn these eyeballs into paying customers yeah so there's there's many different ways to monetize apps and in my first games I monetized through ads because people were on the app all the time they were playing the game a lot so the ads worked well for or grid and whle but for these tool focused apps like puff count ads don't really work because you're not expecting the user to be on your app for a super long period of time so the way you monetize that is through inapp purchases you need the user to either buy your app or commit to monthly yearly Weekly subscription the kind of strategy that everyone is using now is the app is free you go through the onboarding and then you hit what is called a hard pay wall this is essentially a screen that asks you to pay and if you don't pay you can access the features in the app a hard pay wall is unskippable when I changed puff count to a hard pay wall and I made users commit to a free trial before they could use any features in the app it changed my business overnight my conversion rate shot through the roof upwards of 20 25% nice and what about pricing how can someone find the best price point for their app I AB tested different pricings I started at $4 went up to $12 right with a lot of users coming to your app you're getting a lot of data and you're understanding which price point gives you the highest LTV the highest lifetime value I use super wall to do this you can remotely configure your pay walls and you can change the price without sending App Store updates so you can do it much quicker and super wall will actually tell you which price point will give you the best LTV so I just optimize for that the highest LTV price point you mentioned earlier that before getting hit with the pay wall the user is being walked through the onboarding process what's your experience with that the onboarding is super important because this is an opportunity for you to walk the user through their own problem so for example on puff count my onboarding is extensive and I ask the users a lot of questions and some people say that's annoying I don't want to do that I just want to get into the app but the data has told me that if I walk the users through the onboarding they commit time and I'm able to walk them through their problem that puff count is solving so when they hit the pay wall they've thought about their problem a lot and they're like wow I actually really do need to quit or I really do need this product and they're much more likely to convert all right now let's get technical what tools in software do you use to build all of these apps the Tex stack I use to build apps is pretty short I use upwork to find and hire developers I use 99 designs to get the UI built I use super wall to AB test my pay walls optimizing your pay wall is how you're going to make money with your app like you need to optimize your pay wall and find the highest LTV so that is 100% essential everyone who has a mobile app should be using super wall I use Revenue cat for analytics data Revenue cat is good too because that will give you more data on your user lifetime value and again your user lifetime value is like the most important metric in your app you need to understand how much paying users are generating you over their lifetime so that you know how much you can spend on paid ads or on influencers or on installs and as long as your customer acquisition cost is lower than your LTV you're you're making money I use apps flyer as my MMP it connects with my my mobile app and Facebook or Tik Tok ads and sends data back to those platforms I use Tik Tok and Facebook ads to send traffic I also use mix panel amplitude to get kind of more in-depth analytics in my products and see what people are doing in the app once they do download it once they do pay and Gat code is like you should stay on the free plans I don't think you should ever really upgrade mix panel or amplitude like you should get your data understand what you need to change and then get out all right for anyone looking for ideas I want to ask what do you think is the most lucrative Niche to build an app in right now when I look at like the most profitable niches in mobile apps I think a lot of them do have to do with help helping people be better lose weight quit vaping quit drinking anything in the health space I think will absolutely crush and of course like there are already apps that are doing really well like in Fitness you have like my fitness pal you have all these weight training apps but it comes down to the marketing can you get in front of people at a cheaper cost than these mobile apps right being a young founder you truly do have an advantage because all these old heads in the industry these big slow moving companies that never iterate on their idea a small Nimble entrepreneur rur can take them out all it takes is one viral Tik Tok all right another question for you some people watching this right now may have started a couple other things before but didn't see immediate results and eventually gave up or quit what advice would you give to those people the struggle of building something new is it's never going to be perfect on the first try but I've done this enough times now to know it's a process and you have to keep iterating I know it's a good idea I know it can make money that's all I need I don't need it to work super quick right like I just need that Val validation um and then I can go out into the market and talk to talk to customers and make it better over time everything is built over time puff Count's been live for 4 years but only the last 6 or seven months have I really made decent Revenue per month it takes time it takes commitment and you have to be willing to learn all right next question how does a day in the life look like for a mobile app builder like you I'm actually nomading I've been traveling for about 6 months now I'm in Europe time so my day doesn't start till later in the afternoon like 1:00 p.m. is when I start hopping on the phone and talking to people so I have my morning to myself make a coffee go to the gym get a workout in and then I'm in the zone to start you know building start talking to my team start taking sales calls whatever it is and I work till 700 8 900 p.m. sometimes much later depending on what's getting done and then you know on the weekends I have a chance to explore an entirely new city and new culture and meet new people and try new things so inspiration is a fleeting feeling and when you do feel inspired to build an app or build a new project or work super hard like you have to take advantage of it going back to why I kind of like decided to be a nomad and travel like it's so I can do more of that so when I had these moments of inspiration I wasn't distracted by anything I can lock in all right last question that we always ask if you could stand on young Steven's shoulders and give him some advice or advice for anyone who wants to make it in this online business world what advice would you give first of all it's not as hard as you think like you just have to be driven and you have to you know be willing to to work with people who have skill sets that you don't Outsource what you're bad at and build a team around you build a team that you trust treat your team well and again don't give up super early on the idea it takes months sometimes years for a project to take off relentlessly talk to users get feedback and iterate Based on data a huge mistake that I see first time mobile app Founders doing is like they're like hey I have this random idea for a feature in my app that I think I'm going to spend two months developing right before launching my MVP don't do that like go to market with something simple that you can afford get feedback from users and then build on top of it with your team all right stepen thank you so much for your time the businesses that you've built are amazing and thank you for coming on here and sharing it with everyone peace Brother yo guys I really hope you enjoyed the rest of the video and got some good takeaways from Stephen but I want to say something quick at the end of the day the point of these videos is to inspire you and show you that this is possible so that you can go start your own thing on your own while learning is important and will give you new ideas action is the thing that's actually going to move the needle forward and take you where you want to go so research learn find an idea and then go build that as fast as you can if you're still feeling a little loss right now click that first link in the description and you're going to get a free list of micro SAS business ideas so you can get going on your side project much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO WGVxAmmJUmY =====
TITLE: The Underdog: From $10/hr to $1.5M/Year
DURATION: 1210.0
TRANSCRIPT:
what's your story I lived with my parents working as a waiter part-time to make I think $10 per hour I was telling people I'm going to make it I'm the next Mark zukerberg and I'm going to have a billion dollar startup idea and I'm going to focus on it this is Mark a guy who tried everything to become an entrepreneur but nothing was working I didn't have any salary I didn't have any savings I was like broke like crazy like we're living in like I don't like 12 square m they were cockroaches then after years of failure he finally built a business that worked at some point life become like very beautiful like finally I made it I have my apps I make enough money to sustain my life and Co hit everything that I built for the last two years just suddenly disappeared wipe out I've been in the journey for like almost 5 years already I failed 30 startups and I didn't build anything I didn't save any money I didn't create anything that would last and then one morning I start to cry for no reason in his darkest moments Mark does something he never thought he would have to do it made me question why I was an entrepreneur why am I doing all that if I can just get a sense of like worthiness having a job but with everything on the line Mark discovers something that would change his life I feel bad and I decide I got to change everything I'm going to be an entrepreneur again but these times I'll do things differently this is the story of how Mark Lou went from working as a waiter for $10 an hour to making $1.5 million a year as a solopreneur welcome to starter story I was born in a family of Engineers know one of my friends or family members are entrepreneurs and I grew up like 25 years in this ecosystem or the only thing that matters is that you have to have good school grade you have to go University and I think that created a frustration inside of me because I didn't for some reason I didn't care about school so I was a bad kid I had bad grades I didn't feel like I was belonging to where I was people wanted to do stuff and I wanted to do the opposite a university was the same so they were partying but also studying and I didn't know what I was why I was learning what I was learning after four years of partying and barely attending lectures Mark graduated and had to make a big decision when my friends and I graduating from uni they all got a job pretty easily in Paris as a software engineers and I think around the time I might have seen the movie The Social Network with Mark zukerberg and for some weird Connection in my brain I was like this is me I'm the next Mark Zuckerberg and I'm going to have a billion dollar startup idea and I'm going to focus on it and the idea was to create a Tinder for sports lover there was no business plan in mind there was not even an idea of how to monetize that thing I was just I have to build that thing Mark has a brilliant idea that he believes will be the next billion doll unicorn so he takes The Road Less Traveled as I chose a different path I lived with my parents working as a waiter part-time like at night basically to make I think $10 per hour I was so arrogant that I spent a year working on this app I was telling people I'm going to make it I build this identity for one year of this guy who is going to build the next brilliant idea and you cannot even know what I'm working on because it's a brilliant idea right and I realized after 365 days that this app would never exist because I didn't have the capacity to build it and would never make money everything crumbled like all my oneyear arrogance belief fell apart and that's the moment where I stopped working on my app like I threw away all the code in 24 hours quit my girlfriend cuz I was a terrible boyfriend and moved to South Korea to the other side of the planet Mark experiences his first failure but he's still committed to becoming an entrepreneur he wants to prove to everyone that he can do this a different way a friend of mine gave me a call he was in South Korea and he said he could raise some money from VC to build an AI startup back in 2017 which was pretty cool we were both Engineers none of us was was good at marketing none of us was good at product and you know business and so we ended up having that This brilliant idea again is going to work out if we build a product we build a product it took 6 months to make an app but we didn't get any customers so in the end nothing happens after spending a year building another product that got zero customers Mark realized realized that maybe this whole Venture Capital thing wasn't for him but this gives him an idea after the AI startups I didn't have any salary I didn't have any savings I was like broke like crazy like I was living with my girlfriend as well we were living in like I don't like 12 square m they were cockroaches in the bathrooms and stuff the frustration of doing stuff for 2 years that led to nothing it made me desire the craving for like tiny project that have quick instant results I saw this ad on Facebook where you have those two people holding hands together inside of one mitt with thousands of likes I knew that if it works for them then it would work for me too I ended up going in the street sending those gloves because I was terrible at Facebook ad so I couldn't sell any online even though we we made zero with the gloves we probably like sold 30 gloves I still want to chase that thing show a different path show a different way and show that you can also make it with a different strategy with three failed businesses in countless Lessons Learned Mark realizes he needs to do something different he doesn't want to be a Starving Artists sharing his flat with cockroaches and spending all his time working on projects that never make money with this in mind he starts looking for his next [Music] idea I had this learning from those previous startup to start first with the problems and I was like what is a universal problem that everybody has that I can solve every business wants wants more customers right so maybe I can help any business get more customers and the idea was to create a little tool for escape room businesses to help them get more customers but I met a guy who is 100% marketer his job is marketing and he's like why don't you just try to sell it before you make it I listened to him I did exactly what he told me I sent some cold emails and I'm supposed to have the call with his business in Australia it's the first time I do a like a call with a lead I'm thinking like an engineer and I'm I like I'm scamming her just talking to her but she's so friendly she's like yeah so what is your idea and in the end of the call after 42 minutes she's like all right yeah send me the invoice I'll pay I'm sweating like my my armpits are sweating so much and I make her confirm I was like are you sure and then she said yes after a couple years and several failed ideas Mark's efforts finally paid off he made his first dollar he didn't need a fancy website or a perfect product all he needed was a solid idea and someone who is willing to pay for it if you're someone like Mark looking for their first idea trying to make your first dollar online then I have something special for you this is a free breakdown of 50 plus solo developer ideas to help you get started it includes a bunch of stuff business models Revenue strategies and a bunch of other stuff you'd want to know and it's for everyone no coders developers Indie hackers just click the first link in the description and we'll send it over to you for free mark efforts finally paid off he's made his first dollar online but most importantly he now knows firsthand that entrepreneurship works but when everything was at its best something very unexpected happened so this viral bought project quickly it made some enough money to sustain my life like $1,000 per month we moved to Bali and my days would be exactly the same I would uh send some emails in the morning try to get someone on the the phone call exactly like I did for the first dollar in the internet and the revenue grew to at the top you went until $4,000 in monthly recuring Revenue at some point life become like very beautiful like I finally I made it I have my apps I work on my own project I don't have any meetings I have customers I make enough money to sustain my life I live in belly I learn how to surf it's just so nice the revenue is going up and then I was working with physical businesses and Co hits everything closed down Revenue went from $4,000 a month to zero in like 24 hours hours everything that I built for the last 2 years just suddenly disappeared wipe out after Co brings Mark's business to zero he decides to take a break he keeps on surfing and living life then when the lockdown eased something insane happened my girlfriend and I decided to get married so we flew back to France and we had a beautiful wedding after a couple weeks they started to lock down everything again we were supposed to come back to belly but we couldn't so I'm I'm 28 years old I'm a married man I don't make any Revenue most of the businesses I've tried failed and I think at this moment I feel not so good like I don't know why I'm doing all that anymore I feel like I've I've never achieved anything really and I'm back at 28 years old in the house where I left to try to show there was another way showing that I failed basically and then one morning I have no clue what is happening I start to cry for no reason like I usually control my emotions I start to cry but have no idea what's going on and I look at my wall and I start to punch my wall four times like without even thinking my wall is pretty thin so it go through the wall and I'm shouting and I'm like I don't know like so much anger that just comes out it's like I've never felt this bad before I don't really know what depression is but the this lack of control that I had on me and these emotions bursting out without me controlling anything maybe after 5 years of failure with no income or savings 28 year-old freshly married Mark decides to do something that he never thought he would have to do he applies for a few software engineering jobs luckily because of his experience he quickly lands one of the positions and the job is like offering you $9,000 a month I look at that I was like i' I've been making $1,000 a month for 5 years and now you're offering me $9,000 per month I was like what the [ __ ] is going on so I jumped straight into the job and when you have a job your boss is telling you today I want you to do that so at the end of the day once you've done that you've created the value for the person and it makes you feel like you're worthy I didn't get any of this in in the P so it really feels like I was useful to someone making more money than he ever had all while feeling useful to society Mark starts the question if he was ever meant to become an entrepreneur and maybe for him having a regular job is enough to live a fulfilling life those years of ENT preneurship you aim to create something people want and when nothing is actually working you're basically creating void and nobody cares about what you do nobody needs anything that you're doing so it feels like you're just useless it made me question why I was an entrepreneur why am I doing all that if I can just get you know a sense of like worthiness having a job I started to have time for me on weekends because I didn't allow myself to take time off in the past it made me prioritize other parts of my life that I haven't touched previously from sleep to reading books to working outs and the overall happiness everything like the burst I had previously everything started to fade away and I started to feel much better 6 month after getting the job lockdown started to disappear and my wife and I decided to go back to belly I started to feel this little desire of Freedom that I didn't crave previously because I had 100% freedom but 0% worthiness but now the fact that I had to show up from Monday to Friday within 2 months I was already thinking like sometimes I don't want to do this meeting I don't want to go there I don't want to do that and I was seeing some tweets from from other software Engineers who either got fired who pursue their passion whatever and I see that there are some guys who have a totally different approach to entrepreneurship they don't raise money they don't work with the team they do whatever they want they build tiny project they make it fast maybe I want that a little seed is planted in Mark's mind yet again that maybe he can actually do this but he remembers all of the failures he's gone through plus he's got a great job and he's not ready to quit right away then one day he receives a phone call that would change his life around this time in Bal like couple month after we're here I just received a call they're like hey it was nice working with you bye and so when I got fired it was totally fine because I was I was already thinking of going back to the entrepreneurship world to get that uh sense for Freedom fulfilled again the moment I get fired I build my new identity I'm going to be an entrepreneur again but these times I'll do things differently I will never spend month on a product I will never raise money I never have employees I'll never do all the things that frustrated me in the past I started to realize that each failure is not a failure if you don't give up each failure is a learning or a frustration for a future success and unless I quit in the middle all those failures will bring the success later it's just making a matter of making small bets small bet here small beted there and maybe something will work out I also decided to at the same time I build stuff I'm going to try to share this publicly so that people can see it so that if my app goes wrong if nothing happens then in the worst case maybe I'll have created a little following that's for the next project that I can use to get some eyeballs and not starting again from zero with a reignited passion and a new approach to entrepreneurship Mark starts to ship the first app I build is called mood to movie it's basically an app that match your mood and recommend you movies based on how you feel and then habits Garden it's like a little habit tracker I got around 10,000 users which I was super proud of because it's like also like it's helping people to get better in life I was so happy I worked on a tool that ranks productivity tips I built a landing page generator so you input some text and it's going to create an entire website for you with text images and buttons I created a link in BIO tool for entrepreneurs where uh you can show your entrepreneur resume Mark launched six projects in 7 months but he was still facing a big problem income he was only making $1,000 a month and he needed to figure out how to crack the code to make more money I start to make painkiller apps where it's actually solving a problems like I try to focus on that and I also try to focus on apps that that are not free that like users at some point have a pay wall the fact that I was shipping painkillers means something people know their struggle they know their pain so I come up with a solution so it's much easier to sell than a vitamine where like the Habit tracker for instance where it's fun but you don't necessarily need it I try to get a new approach of like launching viral I would focus on the launch part try to get as many ice balls as I can and I started to make those like skit where I would go on a podcast with jogan or I would be on a movie with Leonardo DiCaprio and this did really well like people felt that I was having fun and that's where my Revenue went from like around $1,000 per month to I think it was around $4,000 in 2020 3 mid 2023 I had built somewhere around 10 to 15 products and I realized I was doing the same thing over set up a landing page deploy it add a button for people to pay send them an email create an account I was like What if I just create a little code base that I can reuse for every new project that I create so whenever I have a new ID I can make it faster I can ship it faster I did that I built it I think in like less than a week and I was like this is super cool why not just putting a price tag on it and offering it to other developers if they want to use it but I remove expectations from anything that I would launch I told my wife like hey you know maybe we'll make 100 bucks that would be nice I shipped the product went skating and I came back home opened my dashboard my strap dashboard like after 2 hours of skate I was like I made 500 bucks which is what I would make in like a week an entrepreneurship before in 2 hours I was like something is going wrong like I I I really couldn't believe it and then the next day I had made somewhere like around3 to 4,000 and I was like what the [ __ ] is going on like I would make my best monthly salary in one day it's just insane I think the first month I made around 40,000 us the second month on November for the Black Friday that day I made S I think $8,000 I very surprised it was steady around like $50,000 a month except in November where there was like a burst at 65 and I realized one thing is product Market fit when it hits it's like it's there you can you can feel it I would receive messages from people that say like hey I cannot pay using your credit cards you except crypto like you would have people like ask me like to give me money it's the first time ever never usually I'm trying to convince people to give me money for my product I felt so happy I couldn't sleep at night I was awake looking at emails looking at the stripe dashboard going up I don't know it's a pure blee feeling it's just insane and receiving those messages from people who's like thank you you changed my life for me is like it was I don't know if I can ever be happier than that [Music] so the launch gave it an initial boost I also did uh lots of like free tools marketing so I would build this like logo generator and then on the right side you would have a banner that says like uh are you building a startups ship it fast with ship fast and there's obviously the YouTube episode that came a little bit later added lots of Revenue to the product ship fast so it went from like $50,000 a month to somewhere around $85,000 on the first month then 135 in the second month 135 in the third month and now it's slowing down a little bit to somewhere like around $80,000 a month okay so I do believe there are multiple people living up there and there is one that's very strong and that always thinking is telling you stuff is overthinking it's blocking you from making the first step it's going to find a good excuse for this idea to not work it's going to tell you that the idea you're working on is not perfect enough enough to be launched so my advice would be to it's cliche but it's start anything start make the smallest version of your app as fast as you can and the second part learn where you're comfortable sharing your ideas if it's text go on Twitter if you're comfortable with videos go on Tik Tok if you're comfortable with images and you know how to tell beautiful stories with one image go on Instagram and learn how to blend those two things together and see how things react I failed 30 startups around that but if you don't quit then at some point you'll win it's just a matter of not quitting before you win start now and ship fast that's Mark's formula for being a successful online entrepreneur but here's the problem when you're starting out and when you have an idea for something you don't really know a whole lot about what to do you don't know necessarily if the idea is good you don't know how to validate it and you don't know how to monetize it well the best way to learn is to talk to people or study people who are a few steps ahead of you that's what starter story is for it's a library and community of inspiration practical advice and stories that you can apply to your own business to give you a sneak peek of what that looks like I'm going to be giving you a free download of 50 plus solo developer ideas just like marks that will give you ideas and inspire you for your own thing it'll give you a bunch of winning ideas strategies and other cool information to help you go from 0 to one just click the first link in the description and we'll send it to you for free also if you're serious about building your business come join starter story and we will help you do that I really hope you guys enjoyed this Underdog I'll see you in the next one peace


===== VIDEO WctFUP4w0sc =====
TITLE: I Built A $1M SaaS In 87 Days
DURATION: 1144.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this guy built a million dooll SAS in just 87 days and the crazy part is he did it using a strategy that nobody is talking about the producti Sass the way we built SAS is the way I think everyone should build a SAS Andre invited us into his house in Tampa Florida to show us exactly how it works how he got his first customer and how he grew it to millions in ARR but this story is not an overnight success I was pretty much at the point of giving up for months Andre struggled to make any progress burning through tens of thousands of dollars of his own money on developers and designers who couldn't deliver then on the brink of shutting down the business he discovered something that would change everything so he relaunched the business and 3 months later it was doing over a million doar a year the biggest secret to all the success is my in this video Andre will share his exact blueprint on how to build build launch and grow a $2.4 million SAS company from scratch I'm Pat walls and this is starter [Music] story thank you for having me Andre absolutely Pat thanks for having me yeah tell me about who you are and what you built absolutely so my name is Andre Heckle Jr I've been an entrepreneur for the last seven years and most recently I've built an app called list kit or sauce in 87 days we grew it to a million dollar ARR wow Z to a million from the launch of the actual size yeah Wow first 87 days can you break down this business a little bit more how does it work yes so it revolves around cold email and so cold email is you find someone's email address online and you send them a pitch either to sell your service or to get them on a podcast or a show like this the type of people that use it are either salese or business owners themselves we also have a lot of Freelancers and solopreneurs on there that want to again reach out and make pitches to potential clients for their own business or agency just within the first 6 months we had our first 1,000 paying customers and as of right now almost a year into the business we have over 1,500 paying customers and the pricing is really simple it's $97 a month to get started and we have pricing that goes up obviously a couple hundred for our more Enterprise users yeah let's dive a little bit deeper into the numbers behind this SAS business what do the numbers look like here so yeah we started the business last July right now is June 2024 and we're about to just surpass $200,000 in Mr the biggest secret to all this success is is my team of co-founders I have four other co-founders I have a CTO I have a head of sales and I have two guys that focus on marketing and ads and then what the team beyond the team of co-founders looks like is we have 20 people in CS and in sales and then the rest of the team is on the developer team the team cost is over $100,000 total cost to grow the business including ads and marketing and acquisition is anywhere from $150 to $175,000 a month to maintain you build this amazing SAS business but what's the timeline here how do you get there so I hit entrepreneurship as early as I possibly could around the age of 16 or 17 and just like anyone else getting started with entrepreneurship and no money you go with the service rep and I built an agency business around that we're primarily doing lead generation services for a really long time that was myself my cousin Dan who's still a co-founder at the businesses we run now and Christian who's also a co-founder in Lis kit and everything else we do and we grew that business to 100K a month to us that was a massive success but the problem we ran into is we couldn't scale it really past that and that's when we partnered up with C Wizard or Daniel fio as everyone knows and started client Ascension that helped people do the same things we did to go from Zer to $100,000 a month with our agency by using cold Emil lead generation tactics that we used you launched this agency and then you launched this coaching program how does that lead you to building a SAS business yeah so SAS is really interesting right because again it takes a lot of startup Capital to start so I think the approach is the only way to go about it if you don't have startup capital and if you don't want to go the Venture Capital route and what that is is starting with a product TI service so on the front end it looks and feels like a SAS where you go on the website and you order something and on the back end it's fulfilled manually by people when we were selling a product TI service you had to go through a manual onboarding process so you just tell us how many leads you're looking for 100 leads 1,000 leads 10,000 leads and that submits an onboarding for to our team then within 24 hours it's being fulfilled behind behind the scenes and then it gets manually delivered to the customers because again it's low cost we didn't have to have any development fees all we had to do was single out what we were already doing within our agency to build leads list for our agency clients and just do that with a really fast turnaround time for our SAS customers and number two it allows you to prove your idea out we didn't necessarily know that if we built a SAS that someone could go to and selfs serve that they'd actually want it that way or how they would want it or if the turnaround time mattered or if the cost mattered as much so we gathered market research through that time and then number three build cash flow right again SAS is expensive and rather than having to guess at what the product should look like we knew exactly what it should look like so we were able to build it a lot cheaper than most people would have to spend to build a sass that actually works yeah guys Andrea is proof that you can build a million-dollar business idea with Z especially with this unique model of the product High SAS but Andre's business comes from the foundation of having a solid idea and solving the right problem now imagine there was a place where you could find this the problems to solve the blueprints to solve them and real data from million-dollar businesses started by regular people like you and me well I made something cool for you if you're actually serious about this you can go to the first link in the description and you'll be able to download our free report of 50 solo developer business ideas that are making money right now all right let's get back to the interview and see how Andre actually built this business tell me about the story about actually building this and hiring people to build it and your experience with that in the beginning yeah we were doing the product High service and reinvesting the5 to $110,000 we were making from that every month in the product development but we've never developed a product and so all that money was reinvested into developers and designers to build an app that never saw the light of day it was very demotivating like I was pretty much at the point of giving up like this liset thing it's not working out I know this idea can work I just can't find someone to execute on the idea and so funny enough at the same time we're building client Ascension which is our really nicely cash flowing business in the coaching space and one of our students flew out to Tampa himself Oliver shout out to Oliver was like I have the exact understanding that you need to see this thing through and actually build it and within 6 months that's when we launched and as you've heard already after 87 days of launching we grew the thing a million dollars AR Wow Let's talk about that that launch that relaunch of of Lis kit where you went from 0 to a million 87 days what happened how did that happen we had a list of paying customers from coaching from our agency and from again the product TI service and talking to those customers asking them hey what would you like to see in this final version of our SAS we've tweeted about it we just told our story the entire time from when we started it as a product as service up to the point where we spent so much money and it failed and we were ready to quit to when we rebuilt it and relaunched and so they they've been around for the roller coaster variet we had with the company and we had a product that they have been specifically asking for so by the time we launched we just sent a couple of emails did a couple of live calls put some tweets out and everyone rushed to support us yeah let's talk pricing pricing and SAS what's been your what's been your approach or strategy around pricing yeah so first I mean you're running a business that has to have some profit at the end of the day so first you have to figure out your cost we take the cost and then we go to look at what of our competitors charging and then we're asking their customers what do you like about their pricing what don't you like about their pricing cuz the other thing about SAS is you're not starting from scratch you're following other competitors and making small tweaks and changes to improve upon what someone else has already built so with this kid it's just how many credits do you want and we'll put a price per credit behind that that's reasonable to you and your business yeah let's talk about growth how did you go from zero to a million to over 2 million now how did you grow this business yes so I mean primarily through cold email which is what our target market wants and that's what we provide leads for and then number two we've primarily grown now through ads ads really help you scale past a certain point in business and number three we've scaled through content marketing Affiliates and through our existing product ecosystem that I've talked about before with our coaching program and with our agency business yeah let's dive a little bit into that cold email strategy what did that look like for you when you were starting out yeah so we were already good at Cold email because that was our bread and butter the problem is cold email really works if you're selling a high ticket agency service service and so what we were doing was instead of selling people on the product itself we were selling them on 50 free leads and said hey if you respond to this email and tell us who you want leads of we'll send you 50 leads from list kit and if they're good let's talk about how you can get more and that lead magnet in our cold email campaigns took off and now you see all of our competitors doing the same thing let's talk about ads you guys run ads how does that look so the problem with ads in running a sales team for a SAS is again you're selling something that's low ticket so what we did is we realized that people signing up for list kit not all of them knew how to use it properly and so we came up with a setup offer where we would come into your business set up a cold email system the same way we've set up our own system and give you the leads on a reoccurring basis but the thing with ads is the creatives don't last very long as you start to scale like once you get past $300 $400 a day and spend you really have to create new creatives and so it's a mix of videos speaking direct to camera talking about how this software can help with your equal email campaigns or it can help you generate more leads but a lot of them are just static images as well so we're testing almost 20 new creatives every week 10 different static images 10 different variations of videos with different headlines different copy different people in the videos right so we're always testing let's talk about free trials you mentioned that you don't have a free trial what's your approach and why I just think it it attracts the wrong buyer or person because they're not a buyer you're attracting freebie Seekers we knew people coming to our website it's low ticket enough to buy and it's low commitment enough and instead of a free trial what we did is we added a money back guarantee and so we could still frame it like a free trial but collect money right away I will say however with a free trial it does make sense for some SAS tools that monetize how many users they have on the platform whether they can serve them ads whether they can get data for more people right but it didn't make sense for this kit yeah you run this pretty big B2B SAS business now it started small but now there's 40 people on the team how are you able to hire 40 people people and keep us profitable yeah so when people hear 40 team members are thinking full-time us employees are getting anywhere from $50 to $100,000 a year right for us that would not be sustainable by any means and so a majority of our team are either developers that are in countries like the Ukraine or customer success Representatives that are in countries like Lebanon they're the hardest workers I've ever come across they're really good at speaking English compared to some other vas and it's cheap labor you're paying anywhere from $1,000 to $2,000 a month to get someone full-time from Lebanon who's as good as or better in my opinion than someone in the US that you might have to pay anywhere from $5 to $8,000 a month let's talk about competition clearly you're not the first uh business to be doing helping with cold email and L and all that what does the competition look like for Lis kit yeah so first I have to say we love our competition the way we built SAS is the way I think everyone should build a sass is find something that's already proven proven in the fact that they have either a ton of users there are publicly traded company that's doing very well with billions of dollars in Revenue like Zoom info and find out what do people like about them but what don't they like about them where are the bottlenecks and because I was a user of Apollo already the one thing I knew that I did not like and other people also did not like after speaking to them was the fact that Apollo leads were not verified and so that presented an opportunity to say okay we can build exactly what Apollo has but change this one thing that people really care about um and that's how we built this kid yeah as I know you mainly operate this business but you have four other co-founders can you explain that yeah this is like I was saying earlier probably our biggest secret on how liset has been so successful is because we have the best team of co-founders so I'm technically CEO I'm more of the the team leader essentially but I have Daniel and Christian who operate as cosmos of the business they're marketing Geniuses they do the funnels they do the ads they do all of the content which I want no part of not just because I don't want to do it but because I'm not the best in the world at doing it and I think they're the best in the world at doing it we have the best salesperson as a co-founder I've never been on a sales call but we have Dan who crushes at sales and he leads the sales team better than I've seen anyone lead a sales team and then Oliver who again is the person that came into this business when we're at the lowest of lows and actually made it work and so if you're looking to put a team together of co-founders make sure before anything else you guys have complimentary skill sets to line this up with a business especially a SAS you need marketing you need sales you need technology like CTO developer type work and then you need a team leader to bring it all together and that's exactly how we buildt our co-founder team but it's not always pretty I mean there's always debates and things that come up amongst co-founder teams that you just have to sort out just like any relationship but in regards to finding a team of co-founders first you need to know that you need a co-founder what's your goal at the end of the day is it to build a massive company or to stay small and to and and that's something that people are content with which is and then figure out what skills you have and what skills you need to fill the Gap with and find people who have those skills if you need people with marketing skills go to communities or places on the internet that are full of good marketers and start to connect with people so I'm really an introvert at the end of the day but you have to in this situation be an extrovert meet everyone and see if your core values align and most importantly like I was talking about earlier make sure your vision for whatever it is you're building aligns because if they can't see the same vision that you're seeing then it's not going to work work out cuz you're going in different directions so we talked about competition how do you not only build something as good as a competition but beat the competition one of the things that we do really well at list kit is every single customer that purchases list kit we offer them to get on a one-onone onboarding call when I talk to a customer I simply ask why did you sign up for this what were you hoping to use this to achieve and are they getting that or are they not getting that and if they're not getting that figure out what you can build either on the product side or or what you can do better on the customer support side to make sure that they get that not just one time but consistently overtime right because SAS is a game of keeping churn loow so we're always talking to our customers I think more than any other SAS company out there by offering to get on a 101 Co with them right in the beginning and that's how we stay ahead of the competitors what does a day in the life look like for you just like a normal day in the life yeah so I'm big on routine uh and so every day when I wake up I go for my morning walk specifically to Starbucks and back and that's about a mile walk and I think just getting outside listening to the Bible getting my black coffee really meditating on what the day uh is going to look like is so important and once I get back I'm pretty much locked into meetings or deep work up until lunch and then I like to go out to lunch with some of my co-founders that live here in Tampa I think it's nice to have that inperson connection and interactions with either team members or co-founders so important I'll work out either at my apartment gym or I'll either go play basketball or pickle ball and on weekends I like to play a lot of golf and then for the rest of the night I'm either continuing to work or spending time with my girlfriend or talking to family members and pretty just simmering down and getting ready for the next day do you have any advice for uh young Andre or for young entrepreneurs out there I think it's a patience game right I told you guys I've been in this entrepreneurship game for seven years and the first four or five years I would not call a success by any means the biggest piece of advice I'd have for my younger self is it's a game of staying very consistent over a long period of time and when times are not good get even more consistent and get even more intentional about your action items but when times are working out and things are going well double down even more cuz I think it's really easy for entrepreneurs who struggled for a really long time to as soon as they start seeing success kind of back off and stop doing the things that got them there in the first place and if you do that you're going to fall right back into where you were before you have to stay consistent and you have to do it over a long period period of time whether the results are good or whether they're not it's an inputs game I like to say over an outputs because you can control the inputs you can't always control the outputs and so do what you can control and let I always say God take care of the rest what do you think is one of the you know the biggest secrets to be able to unlock success or unlock getting to that next level yeah so I think it's really important to always be investing in yourself whether it be through personal development or coaching and I know this is like a cliche thing to say and I run a coaching program um but I really do believe in this business model uh so some of the guys that I'm constantly learning from are Patrick B David Gary ve Taylor Welch Cole Gordon all the guys I've mentioned to you already Ed mlet I only know so much so why not go to the guys that have already figured it out themselves and ask for their advice on ways about doing things and so I always hold myself very accountable to improving and learning something new every single day that I can then take to my team and pass it down yeah all right man thank you for having me it's amazing what you built appreciate you man yeah I'm proud about it and uh it's just got to keep it going now yeah man follow this advice and you will have a multi-million dollar SAS business good luck guys hey guys Pat here I hope you enjoyed the story and I hope it inspires you and shows you that you could start something similar I think the coolest part about his story is this kind of productized idea that he did he had clients that he was serving and then he found a business idea that he could productize from those Services if you're curious about doing something similar but you're still looking for an idea well you can go to the first link in the description and download our solo developer Deep dive for free it breaks down 50 different solo developers making money right now their business models how they price their products and how they grew those to millions in Revenue just click the first link in the description and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO OoFqTMPW_3E =====
TITLE: He Quit His Job And Makes $10M/Year Writing Online
DURATION: 1070.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this guy built a $10 million business thanks to one simple skill writing what's even crazier is that he started this business while he had a 9 to-5 job and didn't quit that job until he was making a million dollar a year he invited us into a studio in Miami Florida to tell us exactly how he made his first dollar and his exact routine to build a million-dollar business while he had a full-time job wake up at 4:30 a.m. write for 2 hours get back to my desk at 7:00 a.m. do my black rock work during the day log off as soon as I could and then build in the evenings before the success Dicky was crushing it by all accounts New York City Wall Street sixf figure job but deep down he was unhappy slaving away at a job that gave him no Freedom then one day he wrote a tweet that changed his life forever that was how I earned my first $5,000 I didn't have 20,000 100,000 Twitter followers at the time in this video Dicky shares his exact blueprints on how to master the 10 mil skill of online writing how to scale your writing business to $800,000 a month and the best way to get to $10,000 a month as a beginner the fastest way to monetize is actually I'm Pat walls and this is starter story thanks for having me P what's going on man welcome to the shipyard appreciate you being here tell me about who you are and what you built I uh Dicky Bush two years ago I was a Wall Street hedge fund Trader working 60 hour weeks under fluorescent lights trying to make 90k a year that l me to start writing online now two or 3 years later I am a full-time writer with a portfolio of writing based businesses on Pace to do $10 million in 2024 break down all the businesses that you run so it's a portfolio right now of four businesses the first is ship 30 for30 which is a community power writing course that helps beginners who've never written anything start writing online that one does about $3 million per year the second is the premium ghost riding Academy which helps beginner freelance Riders to position themselves as premium Ghost Riders that's a group Evergreen group coaching model that one does about $5 million a year then we have WR with AI which is a paid newsletter for training AI writing tools to become your personal writing intern that one's on Pace to do 500k this year and then the last one is type share which is a SAS business with everything you need to start writing online templates analytics hosting all that in one place so all four of those that're in the writing area they all kind of build on one another and 3 years ago I didn't know how any of this worked tell me a little bit about your back story and how do you get into entrepreneurship so my backstory you could trace back to when I was pretty young I had a handful of obsessions luckily hit an athletic streak which allowed me to play football in college at Princeton studied math and computer science there and then as a sophomore I got an internship at Black Rock I was like wow this is the coolest thing ever this is a dream job I'm going to go work for a hedge fund that led to taking that full-time job when I graduated I was checking every single box I got good grades on track to be 22 years old making 180 Grand in New York City I'm like I did everything right amazing 18 months later I was doing well at the job but if I showed up at 5:00 a.m. and worked till 8:00 p.m. I might make 10% more money but if I worked as little as possible I would make the same amount and that kind of messed with me because I couldn't apply the level of effort that I wanted to because my incentives weren't there if I wanted to work harder if I wanted to bring more intensity nothing would happen and that was a freakout moment where I said time to go find something I could do that with so you're working your dream job on Wall Street making good money what was your turning point that got you into writing online I witnessed someone I worked with asked for permission to go to their son's little Le game and he was probably 37 38 years old and his boss said no so if I do everything right for 14 more years I might be sitting here having to ask for permission to go to my kids little game uhoh I got to get out of here I didn't quit right away which I think is a big mistake a lot of people do because then I would have been operating from a place of scarcity the entire time instead I said how can I look for ways to passively pursue New Opportunities I started a newsletter inside black rock as a way to get my name out there more after 3 or 4 months of doing that I said why am I capping myself with people working in this company when I could use social media and the internet do the same thing and unlock millions of new eyeballs and that is what led me to starting my newsletter in January of 2020 which was kind of my gateway into writing online Dicky is the perfect example of someone who was able to turn a simple idea into a million-dollar side project while still working a 9 to-5 job but that's because he was working on the right idea and had a solid blueprint on what to execute on every day and that's why I built starter story a library where you can access over 4,000 business ideas breakdowns and blueprints that real entrepreneurs use to turn a simple idea into a million-dollar online business that way you can study and get inspired by what's already working instead of trying to reinvent the wheel so if you're serious about building a profitable side project and you're still working a 9 to-5 job then head to the first link in the description and we're going to give you a free breakdown of 160 solopreneur business ideas to help you get started on your journey much love and hope you guys enjoy the rest of the video all right so tell me about the early days of writing online getting your start so I'm still working on Wall Street but realized okay a lot of the work that I was doing on a daily basis was kind of made up I went from working 12-hour days down to 3 or 4 and spend the rest of a 10hour workday learning reading immersing myself into different things and then writing in my newsletter hey here's what I read this week here's what I wrote here's what I listen to here's what I'm thinking about following everything that I thought was right but I had something like 250 subscribers and so I committed to a 30-day personal writing challenge where I'm going to write and publish something every day for 30 days and at the end of this challenge if it doesn't work I'm going to go have to find something else day 27 I hit publish zero likes zero comments zero retweets went to bed thought okay cool this is almost over like what am I going to do and at the time I was working on a different side project which was SAS that's the Better Business model whatever went to bed woke up that post got retweeted by nval bology a handful of other kind of high-profile people it had four or 5,000 likes I dropped my newsletter at the bottom and went from 250 subscribers to a th000 and the big takeaway that I made at the time was you never know what's going to go viral you never know what's going to work you just have to keep showing up and hitting publish and that set the fly will that's been ever since so now you got a little bit of popularity on Twitter how do you actually turn this into something that makes money the viral post was a breakdown apology the result of that was people who wanted me to write a thread on them were now reaching out to me saying hey I really like these worldview creation threads that you've been putting together would you be willing to do one for me and I had someone reach out to me he approached me said would you do this for me I said sure he goes okay how much should I pay you and here I am I have no clue I don't want to say something cuz I've been doing this for free I don't want to say something that would get him to say no so I'm like look I don't know what to say I don't know what to charge how about this I'll go do this for you you just let me know how valuable it is at the end of this and you pay me that much he's like sure great go for it I was going to ask for $250 but again I didn't ever say that so I spent the weekend Saturday Sunday just immersing myself 15 hours all the way down the rabbit hole and I put together a really great product form emails me back like 2 Days Later he's like dude this is amazing thank you so much I can't wait to use all this can't wait to tell my friends like hey you could go do this for them putting you in touch with my assistant who will help coordinate payment so his assistant emails me and says hey where can I pay you I spun up at PayPal sent her the link and then $55,000 hit my account the next day I thought it was a typo and so I sent him a message like dude that was so generous did you mean to send this much and his response was like dude this was amazing is that enough for you like there's plenty thanks so much like anything else you need I'm happy to help and that was the very first time in many years I felt that I again had something where more effort more intensity led to more results and that completely broke my brain of wow the attention that I generated from writing led to a business opportunity that paid me five grand we're clearly on to something here so you make your first $5,000 wor ghost writing what happens next over the next week or two had a couple more people reaching out where I was probably on Pace to make 10 grand a month but to scale up a ghost riding side hustle Beyond 5 to 10K as a side hustle was is very difficult so I zoomed out and said what was the put that led to this opportunity while it was writing and Publishing every day for 30 days on my own so I tweeted out hey I just completed a 30-day writing challenge it changed my life would anyone be willing to do this with me because I knew that was intense I'm going to need some accountability if I want to do it again again I was terrified to charge money cuz it was like literally a slack accountability Channel like how much would someone be willing to pay but there were so many responses that I couldn't just make it free so it was $50 and you got your money back if you completed all 30 days people loved it the slack channel was blowing up and I wanted to figure out if I was going to actually charge money for this what do I need to deliver so I held over 50 one-onone interviews ended up packaging everything that I learned from those interviews into a much better product and charged $99 for it and then that made 30 Grand in December you're starting to make a little bit of money online you have this product that's working but you're still working your full-time job tell me about that experience I've realized I have a scalable vehicle that I can dump a ton of effort into I partnered with Nicholas Cole to come on and train transition this from just a slack accountability channel for $99 to a full immersive 30-day digital writing education so that was all of 2021 wake up at 4:30 a.m. WR for 2 hours be at my desk ready to log in for my 7:30 a.m. Black Rock call do that during the day log off as soon as I could and then build ship 30 in the evenings by the end it ended up working so 2021 ship 30 did a million like 90% margin I had hit my goal of doubling my full-time job income from my side Hustle facetimed him said hey this has been awesome but I really want to take my kind of Life trajectory in in another Direction thanks for everything and it ended up working out luckily you have this amazing story about how you built this business just from writing online but tell me why is the skill of writing important when you recognize that the foundation for every single piece of content every product every video every podcast is writing yeah it's the most applicable skill yeah and so if you can learn that plus learn to write in a persuasive way or in a compelling way you basically write your income ticket for the rest of your life because you can apply to any business you can apply to any Venture you can apply in any company schools do such a horrible job teaching it people leave in the real world and go what is writing going to do a thesis statement and like a five paragraph essay and a word count but that's totally not what writing is what's your advice for becoming a good writer and a great writer so I can help with becoming a good writer cuz that's all I consider myself but the best writer I know is Nicholas Cole who my business partner he wrote a book called The Art and business of online writing which is the first book I read on writing on the internet I think it's the number one book any person should read who's interested in writing on any kind of social platform it's going to give you a full crash course of everything you need to know so that'd be my first piece of advice it's after this video go on Amazon check that book out and then my second piece of advice would be always zoom out from the lens of it doesn't matter who you are how much time you spend on it the reader does not care about any of that they care about what the writing can do for them and if you write with that what we call an empathetic lens putting yourself in the reader shoes and say how can I create something that they're going to stumble into with a problem I'm going to solve their problem and I'm going to solve it as quickly is 2 minutes by the end of this Twitter thread or tweet or long form it's really just solving people's problems and figuring out how you can do that in the most concise clear compelling way I think when a lot of people think of writers they think of uh not necessarily making a lot of money you've been able to make a lot of money with writing what's your recommendation for writers who want to make a lot of money the fastest way to monetize is is actually build the skill yourself and then borrow someone else's audience and go strip for them that was how I earned my first $5,000 I didn't have 20,000 100,000 Twitter followers at the time I had a th000 and I had one person reach out to me that I could charge $5,000 for that's by far the most sustainable way too because you can build an income stream that's 5 to 10K a month that doesn't take 40 hours to do so you have enough to support yourself and then you can go work on building your own audience on the side so that's our advice to anyone who's looking to write as a career it's figureing out first how to become a ghost writer and then you're operating from abundance of I have enough money I can then pursue my passion project or write about this topic that I know will take longer to monetize than uh starting right away trying to sell your own thing tell me about the tools you use as a writer any specific tools you recommend for writers so if you're spending time thinking you have to have the perfect note taking system and Publishing Cadence and content calendar and editing system before you start writing that's the first thing to avoid just HIIT po that's the best tool so I don't really have any kind of complexed organized system if I need to find something I've written in the past I just search my own Twitter I use type share for all my publishing so that's a Shameless plug for our SAS that helps you write tweets long form LinkedIn carousels for Instagram things like that and then I just use Apple notes I have Apple notes on my phone syncs to my computer anytime I come up with an idea I just jot it down wake up right for 90 minutes and expand those ideas so there's a lot of advice of use this tool use that tool it's going to end up being kind of a productive procrastination exer exercise so I try to avoid end up giving too much of a prescription on that all right so we're here this is where you get your work done here I try to I lock myself away I lock the door behind me and try to eliminate all the distractions I lock into a little bit of a cave but yeah it's good mix it up what's a day in the life like for you so what I realized is either be in a full build mode which is my monk mode 5:00 a.m. wake up I have everything scheduled down to the minute working out twice a day every single meals taking care of in advance going to bed at 9:00 p.m. I know exactly when that's going to start when it's going to end so I can Sprint very hard during it and there's a single outcome we're trying to accomplish that only happens like three or four times a year now so if I'm not in a monk mode I call it maintenance mode I take it down a notch I try to sleep for like 9 hours I spend more time at the beach and take my foot off the gas because that's where those ideas actually start to percolate for the next Sprint tell me about some of the struggles that you've had in your journey as an entrepreneur even going back to some of the days when you're starting m if there's anything that's holding someone back from creating on the internet more than any other factor it's what their high school friends are going to think about them if they see them on Twitter like writing it clicked with me that those people are far too busy thinking about themselves to pay any attention to you you were not that important I was letting the imaginary opinions of people I didn't even like hold me back from getting started writing when that click for me I go okay I should probably just hit publish on this and I remember hitting publish for the first time and no one read it now I have a new problem no one cares what I have to say so this big idea that the whole world's going to laugh at you is actually the opposite problem which is actually harder to solve of well wait no one cares what you have to say how do you actually put something out there that people want to engage with all right last question that we ask to all founders that we interview on starter story if you could sit on Dicky's shoulder uh when you're just starting out what advice would you give them so the first one we' talked about a ton which is if the current vehicle you're in is not leading to more income or more skill if you doubled your effort find something else I wish I'd have made that realization right when I started working instead of waiting two years the second one was once I made that realization I started down the path of productive procrastination where all I was doing was reading business books without a business Reading Writing books without writing reading leadership books without a team to lead none of that actually helped me do anything until I had something to work on where I could stop learning just in case and start learning just in time where okay I'm starting a newsletter I need to learn how to write a compelling subject line now I can go read that copyrighting book jump to the single chapter on subject lines surgically read it now I have that skill now I can move on to the next thing and you end up learning so much quicker when you have a project or something to work on that provides that relative context and then the last one is that the people you look up to are no more special than you or more talented or smarter they're just more than likely been doing it for longer so just zoom out extend the time Horizon and you'll end up getting there too if you just stick with it and then I'd say the last one is there's never a perfect time to start anything that's a big fallacy I had that was once I quit my job then I'll start this thing or once my mom gets better then I'll do this thing or once work sl's down or once I move jobs that never ends and so if you can't get started on something today thinking there'll be a better time in the future that's never going to come so anytime you can just throw all that out and say how can I take one step forward on it today I call it killing your wantes if you can kill all the ones in your life you'll be in a better spot thank you Dicky dude appreciate you having me awesome this is great follow this advice and you'll have a $10 million business ghost writing peace all right guys that's it I hope you like this video personally I think the coolest part about Dicky's first business is that you don't need any employees or insane funding to start all it really requires is a laptop an idea and a couple of hours of work per day so if you're curious about building a profitable side project head to the first link in the description to get our free breakdown of 160 solopreneur business ideas just like Dickies so you can get started on your own Journey all right everyone I'll see you in the next one much love and again thank you guys all for watching peace [Music]


===== VIDEO b5JhfGHafZA =====
TITLE: They Make $1.4M/Year With AI
DURATION: 821.0
TRANSCRIPT:
these guys went from0 to $120,000 a month with an AI app and the crazy part is they did it in less than a year I drove out to Miami Florida to ask them exactly how it works and how one platform got them 10,000 paying users in a matter of days so was a sort of like a great springboard for us in order to establish a solid brand the boys started their Journeys working at VC back startups but they grew sick and tired of the system so they got together to build something for themselves and along the way discovered something that would change their lives the main reason I think C magic won is in this video Blaine Ramone and Justin share their exact blueprints on how to come up with a million-dollar idea how they built it in 2 weeks and how they scaled it to six figures in Mr in just 10 months I think one of the key things here is I'm Pat walls and this is starter story hi right Ramon thank you for having me we are here in this beautiful Miami apartment with your two co-founders Blaine and Justin and we are here to talk about this amazing app that you built tell me about what you built yeah so we built CM magic. which leverages AI to create content with the context of your videos audio files conversations any media really you can repurpose purp it and we started cast magic about 10 months ago and today we're north of 120,000 in Mr let's talk about the opportunity of AI apps what's going on here I think if you can embed yourself into an existing workflow and radically remove the friction of like the barrier to entry to doing something such as creating a podcast those are the tools that are really taking off and you know I think these are real needs and not just a sort of vitamin it's more the painkiller an allergy thing yeah all right so we got blae here he's the co-founder and uh he runs product tell me about how you found the idea for this app yeah so essentially I host DTC pod with Ramone and I noticed this problem which in my mind at the time was just about how do you write show notes from your podcast I can't just like assign it to a random VA who isn't going to understand the context of like the person I talked to and all of that so that was kind of the inspiration when we saw AI coming up we're like wait a minute like I think AI might be able to do this the real lesson there for any founder is just by doing something and putting yourself in a situation where you're constantly doing you're going to unearth problems that are worth solving and maybe those problems have bigger implications than you thought they would in the first place yeah yeah you figured out this problem that you have and then you decide to make it a product what happens after that I think distribution for an early stage startup is something that's like super super critical starting with yourself at the core of it build something for yourself and then very quickly get as close to the customer as you can either create content that attracts people to you and so they can kind of come inbound so that's why I think personal brand putting out content is such an important thing or find a distribution partner that can like really help you scale so we're talking with the team at appsumo and they said hey we we've got this opportunity would you guys be down to like launch 2 weeks from now and we're like oh 2 weeks but that's a really good opportunity to get distribution and start growing basically yeah let's talk about marketing and growth you guys grew zero to 120k Mr in 9 months how did you do that so appsumo was a sort of like a great springboard for us in order to establish a solid brand we launched with them and I think it's been one of the most successful launches ever on appsumo so you know around 350,000 in revenue generated gave us probably around 10,000 users or so we offered a lifetime deal which means that our customers have access to us and our services forever for people that self subscription say well in this world would I ever do that when I can get recurring subscription but we needed to build a brand we needed to build a foundation we needed the feedback the other thing that worked really well for us was creators we started incentivizing people to create content on socials you know some people we were paying some people we were reaching out as to be an affiliate and one of the best ways to do this is like scrape Instagram scrape the platforms find companies that might be adjacent Industries look up those hashtags and then build volume once you build volume and respon responses now you have leverage to negotiate with the rates and then just go from there and start paying out based on cpms and then decide who's worth sponsoring and get enough volume to test if it's a viable channel for you or not yeah you have a oneman marketing team you don't have some big marketing team you've grown this business to 100,000 120,000 Mr how do you operate a marketing team with one person I have contractors that help me on a specific vertical but something people don't do enough is like research you can actually go and like map out how did this company that is similar to us that serves our same exact customer base how did they get distribution and so in our case I went back and tried to find businesses that really grew through Affiliates so like how do I set a system here and a tangible example here is I noticed myself going back and forth with a bunch of the creators on like ideating content Concepts and then I was like this isn't going to scale so I created a whole notion document of a bunch of Concepts now I don't have to get on a call with them and iiz on the content so it really just all comes down to systems rone and the boys are proof that you don't need funding to start and build a million-dollar business in less than a year all you really need is a simple idea and the right strategies to bring it to life and the best way to do that like Ramone said is by studying other businesses so if you're serious about building your own product like the boys at Cass magic but don't know where to start well right now you can download our Deep dive SAS report for free it'll break down over 52 different micro SAS business ideas making millions along with trending ideas growth strategies and tons of other stuff you'd want to know just head to the first link in the description to get it now let's get back to how these guys actually built this thing all right let's talk about tools what coding languages and what tools did you use to build this app in the first two weeks I can't emphasize enough how much you have to accept building an imperfect product a bit of a unconventional choice to a lot of people I built this with Elixir it's very stable it's a language that scales really well and because Elixir has a tool called Phoenix and live view you're able actually to build the entire front end and back end in the same language for the landing page we built it in webflow we could make it look good using templates and therefore we could spend all of our time as a development team working on the part that mattered most to our users which was the product all right let's talk about pricing how how is cast magic priced and how did you come to that strategy we offer a subscription build monthly with a cap on usage it's funny we really just kind of threw out numbers that we wanted to test and found that it worked and we are always analyzing what we're spending on llms and transcription making sure that we have enough margin to justify the outputs that we're giving our customers and so far we've been able to keep those in Balance so that both our customer and us can win from the relationship okay we are back with Ramone to talk now about AI it's changing like crazy differentiation tell me why was cast magic successful when there are thousands of other AI apps that weren't so the main reason I think cast magic one is for three reasons number one we solved our own problem number two we build a brand by partnering with the right creators and number three we build and continue to invest in the product to increase the quality of the outputs that's really what it boils down to in an AI product it's not just how does a platform work but what is the quality of the output that I'm getting here and are they taking any shortcuts in the back end and clearly we weren't so so then the customers are now invested into US you have to ask yourself how do I position myself and how do I build a brand for the long term here all right so what do you do when chat gbt comes out with a new model and then they essentially replace your product how do you think about that we are solving our workflow problem and there's always ways in which you can continue to optimize that process more and more that isn't Chad gpt's business Chad GPT is there to provide the infrastructure they have a future not a prodct they solve one small pain point they don't solve like an entire solution that only a platform that covers a workflow from A to Z can solve yeah tell me some of the numbers some of the financials behind this business turn single digits like net turn is single digits that goes back to the value of like you know solving like a existing problem not not creating a novelty we have over 120,000 in Mr we're growing over 20% month over month I think one of the key things here is we don't spend over 20% of our revenue on marketing marketing always has to be less than 20% and that is because we want to make money we want to be profitable so far it's working and you know those are principles I think that we'll continue to to use to grow the business yeah so you guys built this three friends tell me about why your team works and why why you guys work so well together I think the reason we work so well together is because we've all been through the Journey and we know it's a long one and initially in the beginning we're not getting stuck in the small details and we also know when to have fun yesterday we were meeting we did our whole road map thing and we took out some time to go and play nine holes of golf it's not that serious so I'm curious on Blaine's take here though in Justin's yeah I mean I think the biggest thing is just like alignment right I think so many co-founders especially maybe first time around they partner with people out of personal convenience or because out of necessity almost rather than like true true alignment the second thing that I think is so so important is that you have skills that compliment each other so everyone can stay in their Lane having a team that doesn't like overly overlap and step on each other toes I think is massive so I think finding not only alignment but also people that you can build with that you like Vibe with but also compliment each other other's skill set is like the best thing that you can do I think a a big part of that is the trust that we have in each other too and we're very honest about what we're building like we're not afraid to say like hey this isn't as good as it could be and I think that shows and where we are today and and what we've built let's talk about about VC you guys have all gone through the VC I'm going to be the anti- VC poster tell me a little bit about your past with VC and how you're thinking about these days yeah so I've had two Venture back companies in the past the first was seated their series C they've raised over $80 million to date the second one was called Omni panel we were backed by CRV we raised a $2.5 million seed and this time around it just feels very different it feels like we spent all the time we would have spent like talking to VC's exping like the broad vision for our product and we just spend it talking to customers and building crap for ourselves that we ended up using um so I think that's something that's really valuable for anyone who's getting to start don't seek validation elsewhere build something that customers want they're willing to pay for and that you yourself that solves a problem for you and you'll be in good shape and then if you want to take VC to accelerate that growth that's up to you and you can figure out if that's the right decision for your business yeah I think in my experience I built a business called trend. iio I tried Racing for that business for almost 4 years the effort that it took to actually get good at fundraising it's a skill set in itself if you're not great at building a business and generating revenue and you choose to get great at fundraising you're just going to have the whole thing backwards how do you guys all work together how do you stay aligned how do you meet as a team I think from a team perspective what's really cool about how we operate is you know Ramon's in Fort Lauderdale I'm here in Miami Justin's in Austin a lot of the work is async during the work week but what we're really mind F and the reason we're all here today in Miami is because every quarter we get together for at least a week to like meet on all the important things so I just think it's like a really great model for startups or Founders who are like looking to get the business started it's not like where you are where your office is ETC it's like find a great group of people wherever they are in the world and you know do your own thing but like make sure that you know you also get together to get like really aligned on the things that need to happen in your business the other thing that we do just in terms of operationally is we do a Monday 30 minute standup call and a Friday 30 minute standup call just to align on product what everyone's doing but we really try to block out the calendar and not be stuck on calls all day and more focus on like just shipping yeah all right thank you guys for having me in this amazing apartment this amazing business that you guys built do what they did follow this advice and you have a $120,000 Mr AI app good luck guys hey guys I hope you took away some golden nuggets from that video that'll help you along your business Journey and for anyone that still feels a bit lost maybe you don't know where to start or you need some inspiration on some good marketing strategies well I got something for you right now if you head to the first link in the description you can download our Deep dive SAS report for free it has over 50 different micras businesses making millions along with the tools they use the business models they run and tons of other stuff that will help you on your journey just click the first link in the description to grab it and if you're serious about building something consider joining starter story it will help you do it much love and see you guys in the next one peace


===== VIDEO ty9ZcimL6VE =====
TITLE: How I Built It: $20K/Month Chrome Extension
DURATION: 793.0
TRANSCRIPT:
learned how to build an extension and launched my first extension within like two or three days and today it's at about like 20 to $330,000 Mr how does one guy make over $20,000 a month with a simple browser extension well it's because he's building in the hottest niche in business right now ai s aadi started his journey as an employee working for almost a decade in Corporate America in different startups but now he's a solopreneur making a pretty good living while working on a side project he's passionate about so I spent over an hour talking to him and getting the complete scoop on his $20,000 a month AI business turns out it's actually pretty simple and it's not as saturated as you might think there's still plenty of opportunity you just need to know where to look in this video s shares a master class on building in AI where to find good ideas where to build those ideas and some unique ways to monetize those ideas even if you're a beginner all right let's get into it I'm Pat walls and this is starter story welcome s it's great to have you tell me about who you are in this business that you built my name is s um I'm a software engineer chat GPT extension that I built it's called super power chat GPT it's a browser extension basically that adds a bunch bunch of extra feature to chat PT I started this about a year and a half ago and today it's at about like 20 to $30,000 mrr I'm the only person who's been working on the extension it has been downloaded close to like I think 260 70,000 times weekly active users for the extension is around like 150,000 okay so you built a Chrome extension to over $220,000 a month what do you think is the best strategy for someone to do something similar two ways I'm thinking about this either building for an existing really big platform like Gmail for example or like Roblox Facebook YouTube Twitter they already have all these users all you need to do is to just build the extension and those users will find you Twitter had like hundreds of millions of users and if only like 2,000 people want that features that's like a good amount of like revenue for you to just live off of the other thing I recommend is going after platforms that have like an existing Marketplace but a smaller user base Zoom or Salesforce it's a lot easier to compete in a Marketplace like that they have less number of users but at the same time they have less number of people building for those platforms so that's another good place to build some product let's talk about the opportunity of building plugins in marketplaces what makes this better than launching a traditional SAS that has its own website most people when they want to start a project they just thinking about some s of like a standalone platform like a website that has all of its own back end and front end and everything but competing with like everyone on the Internet is a lot harder than competing with like a limited number of players in a smaller like Marketplace and it also helps a lot with validating the the product like it's a lot easier to build like a simple extension that runs on a user browser that way you can at least know if the idea is going to work out or not and if it's worth like spending more time on it got it so building for an existing Marketplace is a lot faster it's less crowded and it's a lot easier to validate your idea can you tell us how to actually come up with an idea for a Marketplace platform when Chad GPT was launched I already had some idea what features missing and initially when I was building the features I was mainly building the extension for myself and later I tried to go find the places that my users will hang out subreddits are one of them Discord channels are other one SL groups is another one Facebook group is another one I just like join all these groups and I started listening to people and trying to figure out what features other people want to see in chat GPT I think this is probably one of the best way to like come up with idea just go where your potential customers hanging out and see what they are asking for and just try to build that and this was actually one of my probably biggest like growth um hack that I apply to this extension just listening to people what they want trying to implement the feature and then going back and telling them that okay I added this feature you can use this extension and have that feature as part of the chat GPT interface s is the perfect example of a crafty internet Builder he finds his ideas by spending time researching researching in communities researching through his own problems and frustrations and most importantly researching other businesses to see if he could build something better now what if there was an easier way to shortcut all of this research well that's why we made this solo developer Deep dive it breaks down 50 different solo developer business ideas including their business models their customer profiles the platform they built on and a whole bunch of other cool stuff you'd want to know so if you're actually serious about building a profitable side project like sayah head to the first link in the description and I'm going to give you the Deep dive of 50 developer ideas for free and hopefully it helps you find your own idea now let's get back to S okay so we know where to build and what to build but what about how to build it what kind of experiences or coding languages do you need to learn if you know how to build a simple website you'll know how to build like an extension JavaScript HTML CSS that's how I built the very first version it was very very simple only had like two features basically but actually I have never built any browser extension before I learned how to build an extension and launched my first extension within like two or 3 days basically after chat GPT was launched so I'm not saying like every like simple project could work timing is really important here I bu really really early okay so you can find build and launch a product pretty quickly but how do you actually get users or eyeballs on your product I have not done any ads or anything for the extension and all of it happened organically by word of mouth or by me like posting on like different platform like I think the very first place that I posted it was UN Reddit I think it went like to the top of that subreddit that I posted for that day but at the same time like just people who like are on social media started writing reviews about like top like 10 chat GPT extension for example and my extension had those features basically so I didn't write them I didn't pay for them to be written I've never like actually paid anyone to write any article and it was all organic people started finding it started using it they like the idea they like the features and started sharing those ideas with their audience and that helped a lot with growing the um user base wow so you didn't spend any money on marketing yeah clearly being early helped a lot but I think what stands out is that people basically started marketing your plug-in for you because you built a really great product are there any other early opportunities that someone watching this could take advantage of right now and how can you build standout products in those niches AI is really powerful but it's still very early in doctors maybe are not thinking about bringing AI into their job but if you do there are a lot of like opportunities there one of my favorite thing is to talk to my users and every time I talk to any users I try to learn as much as I can about them what they do what's their background and how they use Chad GPT learning about how a lawyer is using Chad GPT to make their job easier or a doctor is using trpt to make their job easier is one of the best way to come up with new ideas and build new product for people who don't directly use AI okay let's talk about monetization we know how to build it and how to get users but how did you actually make your first dollar first for the first 9 months or so the extension was completely free like every feature of the extension was 100% free if you ask me today um I think I should have like monetized the extension earlier but at the same time I do feel like it helped a lot with like growing my user base so I wanted to capture that audience and I started writing a newsletter basically for like the the user base that I had and this is like three or 4 months after I started the extension I also posted my newsletter on some of the website that like you can get a sponsors for I like within like week or two I had like a my first sponsor paying me like a few hundred dollar to just poster ad on the newsletter basically when I first started writing the newsletter it would take me like maybe six or 7 hours every day now it takes like maybe 2 hours or so to write a newsletter wow so you took a pretty unconventional route and started making money from the newsletter first but how did you monetize the actual Chrome extension after like that like first 9 or 10 months I started to think about new features that I can add to the extension and ask people to pay for those extra features basically so I didn't ask anyone to pay for any existing features that the extension had and all of those features stayed free and I tried like different pricing like I experimented like higher price lower price and I like kind of found like a midle grounder that I think was the best way to price the extension so what are the coding languages tools and software you use to build as a solar preneur I spend most of my time inside vs code it's a code editor um that's where I write all of my code for all of my projects when I was bu building the extension I went back to like pure JavaScript with no Frameworks I used AWS uh for all of my backends all of my project basically live on like AWS for like the newsletter I use beehive one of the nice thing about beehive is like their monetization features they actually they have this thing called boost you can just like include some links in your newsletter and make money from it I use passion fruit that's where people find me and reach out to me to a sponsor the newsletter all right before we wrap things up I want to talk a bit about a controversial Topic in the AI space you know you built this product to over $20,000 a month but it's a chat gbt rapper right is there any downside to this and do you worry about this at all open AI can kill this product any day I was scared of that for a very long time and at this point I kind of feel numb to it I don't want to like worry about it today literally if my extension stopped working at some point I'm probably going to try and build other extension for one of these other major platforms that's going to make my my life a lot harder all right s final question what advice would you have to someone just starting out who wants to build their own software business or Plugin inside of a Marketplace try to validate the project as fast as you can just build the very first version and launch it and see if you get some users from it try to do that and the other thing I mentioned this earlier focus on your strength in my case it was building a product sharing it with people for free and like getting my first fewe users from that so those two things are the most important thing in my opinion yo guys I really hope you enjoyed the video and got some hopefully good tips and golden nuggets from s but I want to say something real quick at the end of the day the point of these videos is to show you ideas and show you it's possible but hopefully you take these ideas and go start your own profitable thing and your own successful business while learning this stuff is important taking action is the thing that's actually going to change your life so spend time researching learning finding ideas but then go build that thing as fast as you can if you're still feeling a little lost on this right now well click the first link in the description and you're going to get a free report of solo developer ideas that are actually making money right now so you can get going on your thing much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO trNGj1BN1GU =====
TITLE: I Make $1M/Year As An Introvert
DURATION: 889.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this guy makes $1 million a year with a business model built for introverts ghost writing and the best part is he did it all in Just 2 years I've never been a sales guy I'm an introvert which is why I became a writer I drove out to Miami Florida to ask him exactly how it works how he got started and the framework he used to go from0 to $65,000 a month in just one year what I follow was called the framework when he first started Marcos was trying buing every business model Under the Sun but he was barely making any money then he stumbled upon ghost writing and learned a secret that would change everything the main thing that people were talking about in ghost writing is you're going to get people followers and then I quickly realize there's a much better way to do it if I just in this video Marcos shares his exact blueprints on how to find cloth and retain clients to build a million doll Pere ghost rating business from scratch I'm Pat walls and this is starter story Marcos pleasure thanks for having me yeah tell me about who you are and what you built yeah I'm Marcos I'm CEO of the birdh house uh we're a Twitter ghost writing agency and we essentially write the tweets the threads we repurpose clients videos and we put them on Twitter so that they can obviously go viral get views and make sales and we went Z to 65k a month in one year uh we're looking to scale up to over a million this year so 100K a month explain me what what the hell is Ghost writing yeah when I discovered ghost writing through Twitter I basically just realized that Founders CEOs business owners even influencers a lot of these guys have ghost riters on the internet because they just don't have time to do it so we go and help people Outsource that and what I ultimately landed on was coaches consultants and education companies because these are the people that can actually help monetize faster we'll go and repurpose viral clips and viral videos or even full videos and full podcasts uh we have long form posts which is a new thing we have articles replies you could do spaces you can help set up spaces there's really so much that goes into it now and certain niches have different formats of content that are going to perform the best so depending on the client we're going to put out a majority of those different kinds of content threads posts long forms articles Etc all right so give me a timeline of your backstory and how you get into this yeah so when I was 19 I was at basic training for the Army and my friend actually showed me like day trading on his cell phone and this was kind of my first introduction to internet money so I go from there and I'm trying pretty much every business opportunity Under the Sun Drop Shipping affiliate marketing crypto day trading blogging you name it I've done it and then from there I quickly realized that I'm a little introvert I played video games I've had a Blog I did Marketing in college and I've done a little bit of writing I've actually been on Twitter since 2011 uh so when I chose copywriting I probably had like 2,000 bucks to my name it was it was pretty it was a challenging time but I'm the kind of person that kind of I always knew knew that I would make more money like I always had that mindset I bought a course back then it was like 50 bucks a month and it kind of taught me the ins and outs of the ghost writing thing it gave me an offer and after I signed my first client for 1,000 bucks and I find a second one for 1,000 bucks I reinvested all 2,000 into a bigger course that cost me 2,000 bucks per month so it's actually a $112,000 course so I spent all of my money that I didn't have and it came back and I had signed a $3,000 per month client so now $2,000 month course $3,000 a month client I had like just enough money to live the rest is history from there that's amazing yeah my favorite part about marcos's story is that he chose one idea and stuck with it until he hit a million dollar a year but it was never easy it required having the right idea and studying other businesses that paved the way before him if you want to do something similar to Marcos but you don't have an idea or you don't know exactly where to start you can download our free report of 50 plus real world product High services in this report you'll learn exactly how 50 Founders got their ideas how they grew how they got customers and lots more and then if you're really serious about starting something then consider joining the starter Story community with thousands of people building businesses that will change their lives just head to the first link in the description and you can download the report 100% free all right let's get back to how Marcos got his first customers let's talk about how you got your first client and how you scale it to 10K a month specifically how did you do it yeah my first ever clients were from upwork from there I always say you have to kind of Stack your case studies and stack your testimonials so I took that job and used it as social proof for my Twitter DMS and I was sending out 100 200 DMS a day had it all in my notion following up and that took about a few weeks before I kind of really landed some interest and I was able to sign my first 1K a month CLI I didn't get the best results at the time but what I did get was he sent me a message and it said like I got seven free trial subscribers and I was like got testimonial so then I'm using that in my DMs to other software Founders and eventually I landed my first 3K a month client which was a big deal for me and that was a a coach and we crushed it for him this was the first time I really crushed it for someone viral every week and not only that what I realized is it drove sales and I was like okay he's paying me 3K a month and this thread probably made him like 20 30k so it's was like okay well he just made enough money to pay me for 10 months so from there it was like referrals in inbound it was I just focused on getting my clients good results so the referrals would come in my audience was building at the time I think at the time I was going 3K 5K followers I think I had 10K followers after like eight months in business and then from there it just been compounding ever since yeah you talked a lot about how to get leads but how to actually close clients yeah this is a tough one cuz I've never been a sales guy I'm an introvert which is why I became a writer and I'm sure a lot of people watching are introverts and that's why they do these kind of introvert Ed businesses right so what I followed was called The Closer framework what it allowed me to do is have a framework to follow hey why you on this call and kind of take them through a little bit of a journey on the call but ultimately what what I've really come down to is if you can just get on a call tell someone how you actually are going to help them and be honest and be a human most of people actually Vibe with that and if they don't Vibe with that you probably don't want to work with them anyway sales is really just about conviction so if you actually believe in what you're doing can actually help someone make more money it's pretty easy to sell yeah you grew this super fast it went from like 1K to almost 15K really fast how can someone else who's watching do something similar yeah so this is what I was doing and this is also what I actually have clients do or their teams it's cold warm and hot like I said I was sending 100 to 200 cold DMS a day so that's number one and that's really just saying hey giving them a compliment based on checking out their profile giving them your offer and then saying hey if you're interested let me know if not you're good don't even answer you don't want to be kind of too pushy and then what's called warm DMS it's just essentially dming people who are following you engaging with your content Etc it all starts with kind of creating content on your Twitter you always want to practice what you preach and then what's called hot DMS which is the people who are already interested they're dming you first they're saying hey I'm interested right so using those three and having a happy balance that's how you can really accelerate the clients that you land so it all starts with making content sending cold and warm dmms and getting the inbound leads and it compounds very fast like 100 DMS 200 DMS a day two to three tweets a day including like a thread and you're golden from there so you're doing well you got like $10,000 $15,000 a month and then you go to $50,000 a month what what how did you do that yeah so it's really two big things um number one is having kind of a mindset shift from tactic hunting to actually implementing so tactic hunting especially what we just talked about would be you're trying to plan out what am I going to write how am I going to send DMS what's going to be my script the implementing is actually going out and doing it and doing it not just once not just for a week but for 6 months 12 months straight and doing it every single day that's the implementing piece that really helps it compound cuz in the back end you're actually delivering your servicing like I said getting referrals and getting leads inbound but then also doing the outbound and when you combine those you kind of create a flywheel and then honestly after 10 20K a month I'd say every business has kind of a different point where you have to ask yourself do I want to be a solo preneur or do I want to be an entrepreneur and that's when I decided to start hiring team members and building a real business under a real business name now we're doing about 70k a month and our margins are about 60% we have two senior writers one Junior writer I have an ops manager who was my real employee number one she was my assistant now my ops manager and then I have a sales representative as well so a team of five six if you include me all right well let's talk about building a good team how to hire good people so that you don't have to work on the business all day right so what I did is I I put out a tweet I'm looking for my first writer to join the team and help me out and I essentially gave four or five different people a prompt and I was like write a thread write a Twitter thread and I just picked the best one and then from there I'm like you're on board I also kind of picked the person who who vibed with me the best from from a culture perspective so who am I going to Vibe with who actually has the talent and really thinking of them as a partner not an employee all right let's talk about tools what tools do you use to run this business yeah so I use all the basic stuff obviously Google Docs Google Sheets but further than that I use Cana for design we use Twitter of course we use Hemingway is a really great app that'll help you with your writing it'll show you which level grade you're writing at and help you dumb it down and make it simpler we use a tool called hype Fury to go and schedule all the tweets and we can schedule them there for clients and you can actually have client account access without actually being in the client's account and then we also use notion which is where we have kind of our company dashboards crms client hubs everything like that so I'd say those are really the main tools all right let's talk about competition starting a ghost writing business is seemingly easy how do you uh differentiate from your competitors when I started the main thing that people were talking about in ghost writing is you're going to get people followers and then I quickly realized there's a much better way to do it if I just make somebody more money than they pay me then I'll have a client forever so I differentiated my offer to I'll help you not only grow on Twitter but the growth is more of a byproduct I'm actually going to help you monetize with Twitter so it's a dumb for you monetization service if you just learn business principles and then you learn writing you can kind of offer that to anybody yeah so a lot of people love the idea of ghost writing can kind of sit behind your computer and write for a living how would you recommend someone to get started with ghost writing yeah so there's really two ways to do it there's the I have no money way and there's the I have money way the I have no money way is actually go on Twitter and be a user start to follow people that are going viral and follow people that are actually writing great content study what they're doing do it for yourself use yourself as the case study and then use that to do the the DMS the paid way would be to buy a course and I always say this when you buy a course just copy exactly what they tell you the most important thing is to do it yourself and actually build yourself a bit of a personal brain because what I quickly found out is if I was reaching out to somebody with more followers than me they'd be like well I have more followers than you why would I you so you have to do it for yourself and then you can do it for other people yeah so we're here in your beautiful Miami apartment tell me about what a day in the life like is for a ghost riding business owner yeah so I I guess I theme my days I kind of stole that from I think it's like Jeff Bezos if it's like a Monday I step back my meetings uh usually have between 12 and 15 meetings on a Monday so I'll go straight from 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. uh and just meetings for those days and then I'll go to Jiu-Jitsu at night or something and then Tuesdays I like to have just like a blank calendar and those are usually the days where I'm going to sit down and edit some client content because I'm still acting as as Chief editor or I'll go out and maybe Source some new clients or I'll talk to the team or work on the business Wednesday again it's usually a call day/ content day and now as I'm stepping out more as a CEO I try to spend a lot more more time thinking I try to go on locks and stuff like that but yeah again I say a majority of my time is either in or on the business and I don't really do a ton else I know we live in Miami but I don't really go out I don't really party or anything like that so I'm usually just either working in around my business or I'm going to like go to Jiu-Jitsu at the gym watch TV play video games do something basic I'm pretty chill dude have you experienced any struggles uh building a business becoming an entrepreneur yeah I'd say the biggest struggle was shiny object syndrome like being online and you see people flexing Rolexes and Lambos and you just feel so inadequate and just seeing everybody do something new and you're always just peeking out that might be better that might be better but what I ultimately Learned was once you can finally shut that out and stick to one thing and actually fail through it and and keep going find your itty bitty bits of success and again continue to shut out the noise cuz again even at 2K a month 3K a month 5K a month 10K a month you're still seeing all that stuff it's not like it just goes away ultimately being able to have the self-confidence to stick through the trials and tribulations I think that's that's the ultimate that's the ultimate thing okay last question that we asked to all the founders we interview if you would could have any advice for young Marcos getting started out or anyone getting started out on a business what would it be I think the number one thing I would tell my younger self is play to your strengths and have the discipline to just stick it out because I think especially at first being an introvert and like I used to play video games and stuff like that I I used to try to do things I wasn't good at sales video streaming I tried all of it if I played to my strengths which is more introverted writing stuff like this I think that would have been a huge help and then again sticking to one thing having the discipline to focus and stick out all the failures that'd be my number one advice I would have succeeded 5 years earlier that's amazing well congrats on all your success man yeah thank you you're crushing it you as well follow this advice and you'll have a million dooll ghost writing business peace hey everyone Pat here thank you guys so much for watching I really hope marcos's story inspires and motivates some of you to get started on your own thing if you're curious about doing something similar but you're still looking for an idea well you can download that deep dive product IED Services report for free it breaks down over 5050 service-based business ideas and tons of other stuff you'd want to know just click the first link in the description and if you're serious about actually building something then consider joining starter story and we will help you do that much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace


===== VIDEO akM6P97_0B8 =====
TITLE: The Multipreneur: He Makes $10M/Year With 6 Businesses
DURATION: 848.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this guy makes over $10 million a year with six different businesses and the best part he started them all with 0 I drove out to Miami Florida to ask him exactly how he built these businesses and the blueprint he uses to make over $5 million a year in profit instead of charging $1,500 a month we charge on average $1.5 million a year you see Greg started his journey working at a VC funded multi-billion dollar company then one day it went bankrupt it was unprofitable and what he learned from that helped him come up with a formula to start his own business that would be profitable from day one the ACP funnel is the secret sauce that I've used for the last 15 years that I'm only now sharing with the world in this video Greg shares his exact blueprints on how to make a million dollars from one client exactly how he's found several million dooll business ideas and why everyone should aim to become a multipreneur I'm Pat walls and this is starter story thank you Greg thanks for having me tell me about who you are and what businesses you built my name is Greg Eisenberg and today I run a a holding company called late checkout we do eight figures in Revenue mid seven figures of profit and I've been a part of companies that have raised billions of dollars and I make more money as the CEO of L checkout and work a lot less can you break down the businesses that are within your holding company currently and what you plan to build totally so we've got six companies that we've started LCA which is an innovation agency you probably need a robot.com which is one of the biggest AI communities on the internet we have design scientist.com which is a design agency we've got boring Holdings which is literally another holding company which owns boring marketing.com an AI assisted SEO business and boring ads.com an AI assisted ads agency and we've got multipreneur decom which is a a community for multipreneur yeah tell me a little bit more about what multipreneur is and why you're so bullish on it multi preneurship just basically means that you're building multiple products multiple companies multiple revenue streams instead of having one company do $100,000 a month in Revenue you now have companies maybe they're only doing $25,000 a month in Revenue but if one struggles a little bit or Google makes a change that affects this business or Instagram does this you now have that built-in insurance and the compounding with these internet businesses are Next Level so not only is it cheaper than ever to build faster to ever to build with AI the compounding effects are are super real and I love the diversification of the multipreneur model yeah all right so tell me a little bit about your origin story how do you get here grew up in Montreal Canada always was in an internet nerd started creating different blogs communities online started making a few bucks as a teenager when I was 17 my first week of school high school I was actually in a school shooting and 19 people got shot oh and I remember being in the chemistry class my teacher had locked the door I hearing bullets left and right I realized as a 17-year-old that life is short and I wanted to do big things from that moment I took building on the internet really really seriously I started a company called Islands which was kind of like a Discord for college students that was sold to wework and I was the head of product strategy and later the head of product of wework we were worth $47 billion all of a sudden we run out of cash the headlin read 25 billion 20 billion 15 billion 10 billion we were can't raage cash I vowed to myself that the next thing I start isn't going to be an unprofitable Venture back business it's going to be a profitable machine so I asked myself what is a model that could marry the freedom that I want with the creativity of building multiple businesses and that's what got me so interested in this new way of being an entrepreneur being a multipreneur yeah Greg is proof that you don't need VC funding or a big team to build a million-dollar business you can be a solopreneur and get started today on a business that might just change your life but that requires knowing the right information and finding the right problem to solve now imagine there was a place that gave you all this the problems to solve the blueprints to solve them and the strategies that turn simple ideas into million dooll online businesses well at starter story we have a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this all backed by data from real entrepreneurs so if you're actually serious about building that next profitable side project head to the first link in the description and we're going to give you0 solopreneur business ideas so you can get started on your journey today just like Greg now let's get back to Greg and how he actually launched this thing so you're out of Wei work and you start your first company what is that company that you start LCA so it's an innovation agency we'll work with a Nike a Dropbox a Shopify a Tik Tok and we'll say we will help you come up with new ideas to Future prooof your business instead of charging $1,500 a month which most agency owners do we charge on average $1.5 million a year why because if we come up with a whole new vision for where to take your company often times those products generate 9 to 10 figures of Revenue if you're spending $1.5 million sounds like a pretty good trade to me so you're making a million per client how did you actually land these clients and build his business ACP funnel baby a stands for audience you got to start by social media audience Instagram page Tik Tok page Twitter account I had built a Twitter account of over 10,000 people that's not a lot by the way 10,000 people anyone can get to 10,000 followers C stands for Community how do you convert some of those audience members into some place where you own their emails you have their SMS they have a place to talk and you really understand what are their pain points and I started posting hey come to these orange wine disco parties in these basement in Williamsburg I actually met some of my first clients at these parties and then P for product what is the product that you can create that they want the most and I and I told them oh I'm actually starting this thing called LCA we sell Innovation and they were like come into my office first thing Monday because I had already built so much trust with them our first year we did a million and a half in Revenue we had one big client and then one kind of half client second year all of a sudden we're doing 5 plus million in Revenue sounds like a lot but again a few clients $1 million each and it's been going up ever since then the ACP funnel is the secret sauce that I've used for the last 15 years that I'm only now sharing with the world so you're technically a solopreneur with this massive agency but then you become a multipreneur tell me what that transition looked like we started a second business called nice break nice break. fun we started direct with the product that's no no no that's that's not the way to build a business nowadays the way to build a business nowadays is you start with the community first then you build the product so we actually closed it down after that I said all right let's go back to the ACP funnel and we started dispatch we started a Twitter account within a few weeks it got to a couple thousand followers it was all around design inspiration you know we had the audience and we started seeing hey there's there's an opportunity here so within 72 hours we whip up a landing page a brand and a team and all of a sudden we're selling design subscriptions our first year we did seven figures of Revenue 450,000 in profit then we wanted to try something different so we started a Twitter account called boring marketer and started just tweeting about ad stuff SEO stuff just boring ways to get customers we build a community around it and then we built this AI assisted tool to help do keyword research to help create SEO content basically create this SAS tool in its first year it did 350,000 in profit and it's second year it'll do two to three million in profit all right let's talk about hiring you have these companies within your personal holding company how do you hire people to run these companies one way I hire is I build communities and then I actively reach out to some of the the most active people we call them nerds and residents someone who's an expert who cares you know if it's the AI example you need an AI nerd who's thinking about this all the time right we find them through the community the second way I find Talent is I coold DM a lot of people if I find someone interesting online I won't be shy and I'll try to find their email address I'll DM and even if they have a job I'll say hey let's let's hop on a quick call the best people to hire actually work a job let's talk about how you find ideas and how you build them really quickly what's your process I use two tools one is called redditlist.com which tells me how fast a particular subreddit is growing and it gives me a ranking of all the different subreddits and I use a tool called gummy surch.com which basically takes a subreddit and tells me what are the biggest problems that this subred is having and it's your job as the entrepreneur as the multipreneur to solve them yeah are there any other tools that you use to run and build your businesses I use framer to create landing pages and websites really quickly I use convert kit for email I love all the automations they do I use vid IQ which is a Chrome extension that gives you competitive analysis on YouTube and there's this little feature where what are the top questions on a YouTube comments so imagine going to a starter Story YouTube page and you can sort by top questions and that gives me ideas around what I could be building for the starter Story community I use slack for team communication our entire team runs on notion we use figma for designs I use Loom like crazy I just like creating quick looms about stuff and people could see my face or I can screen share that runs our a fig business okay we are out here in your beautiful condo in Miami Florida tell me about multipreneur why is it the future and why is it different than solar preneurship I'm not advocating for launch Five products on day one become a solopreneur find a niche build an audience build a community build a product for them all I'm saying is at the end of that once that business is generating at least $100,000 of profit find an operator then that frees you up to find the next thing either buy another business using some of that cash flow or your own cash flow or incubate something new one of the benefits of being a multipreneur is a lot of the sleepless nights you're giving to the operator the second thing is if you're creative you're going to love being a multipreneur you get to work on different projects different spaces every day just feels different but you need to have a lane our lane for example is We Believe community-based products outperform non-c commmunity based products so we build businesses based on the ACP funnel that we've defined tell me what a day in the life is like for Greg a multipreneur running an 8 figure business what does that look like uh I wake up around 6:00 a.m. I make a a French press coffee I have it I sit outside I see the sun come up it makes you feel grateful for for being alive and I get to work I plan out what I want to do today what are the two or three things that if I did these things today I would be happy sometimes in the afternoon I'll go for a 45 minute workout and then after the day is done I try not to think about work so I do things where I don't have my phone that helps me reset for the next day yeah all right last question that we ask for every founder that we interview is you could stand on Greg's shoulders back in the Wei work days or even before that what would be your advice I made the mistake of listening to the top entrepreneurs of my day who said go build a venture Bag company and go scale it and be Mark Zuckerberg I was living someone else's life by doing that and I spent 12 13 years of my life 7:00 a.m. to 2: a.m. every single day working 7 days a week and I think everyone deep down knows what's for them and life is about getting to that truth my advice to everyone is find your truth don't listen to what anyone says and go after it that's great advice thank you Greg thanks Pat yeah follow this advice and you will have a $10 million multipreneur Empire peace what's up guys I hope you were inspired by Greg's story and how he approaches starting businesses I think the coolest thing about Greg is how he's able to to find painful problems and then create solutions to those problems really really quickly that's why he's able to run six different businesses at the same time doing millions in Revenue if you want to do something similar but don't know where to start head to the first link in the description to download6 proven solopreneur business ideas you won't find this information anywhere else and if you're really serious about building the business that might just change your life come join thousands of Founders inside starter story all right see you in the next one peace [Music]


===== VIDEO dphK9rh2F5U =====
TITLE: I Make $1M/Month From Bed
DURATION: 918.0
TRANSCRIPT:
this guy made $1 million a month selling bed sheets online and the crazy part is he literally does it from bed I work from bed all the time actually this is definitely the office I flew out to Denver Colorado to ask him exactly how he got started and the unconventional marketing strategy he uses to make millions of dollars a year I sponsor that I love and I sponsor that I watch before the money Colin worked three different full-time jobs but he couldn't keep any of them so he decided to start his own company and in the process found a special hack to make $284,000 in his first 30 days we got $450 customers at a $100 aov did $45,000 on day one and that snowballed into a $284,000 campaign in this video Colin shares his exact blueprints on how to build a million doll per month brand how to name a million doll per month brand and how to find and validate a million dooll business idea the easiest way to do it is to build a so they can really visualize and understand the company that they're building I'm Pat walls and this is starter story Colin great to meet you in person after all these years so it's awesome to see the growth of starter story thank you man thank you for having me tell me about yourself and what you built I am founder and CEO of sheets and giggles and if you haven't heard of us we sell bed sheets I Incorporated the company October 20177 shipped our first box in in October 2018 and then about 25 months later November 2020 we had our first million doll month at about $1.2 million in sales so it was pretty medior at the beginning yeah it's awesome yeah all right can you tell me a little bit more about your business and how it works sure so we're a directed consumer brand we sell mostly through our website sheets giggles.com which is a Shopify backend and then we also sell on Amazon at amazon.com sheets we do about 9010 or 8020 Shopify burs Amazon in terms of sales we started in 2018 with just sheets comforters and dubet covers and pillowcases since then we've added throw blankets pillows crib sheets mattress protectors and all stuff and we actually launched a mattress in 20 late 2022 we started with five colors and five sizes and now we have seven sizes and 17 colors and hundreds of skews and shipping 100 PB mattresses every day so it's crazy yeah all right Colin tell me a little bit more about your backstory how did you come to the point where you wanted to start your own company I've been fired twice and I've been laid off once um and it sucks every time no last week's pay have to buy back your laptop lose your health care I was like man like all my friends are in New York working at Banks like I can't believe I was just done with it I was I was super done working for other people I was so tired of having to take orders that I disagreed with and my friend gave a phone call it changed my life she said hey we're we're doing a Kickstarter for my wearable tech idea that I have do you want to help with it I said yeah sure I threw a launch party for her in Seattle that changed my life because the mentorship I got there is completely life-changing for someone especially in their 20s who's kind of directionless or or feels like they're directionless my best advice I can give people is do you think someone's going to be a good Mentor say Hey you have an hour a week that I can maybe spend with you and buy you lunch every week and ask you questions and that's exactly what I did I had three people that I bought lunch every week and I asked them as many questions as I could I've been working for myself for 6 and a half years and it's the best gift I've ever given myself how did you find the idea how did you come up with the idea for sheets and giggles and why did you decide to build it after working in direct consumer company and wearable technology I really wanted something that was a direct consumer brand and I really wanted something that be proud of something that was in a big space I carve my own nichan so I actually started to like write my business model before I knew what the product was for people who are thinking about starting a business if you have a problem other people have that problem too I think that logic is great and I think it's fine the question is whether or not they're willing to pay for a solution to that problem and so I really encourage people to build a business model first that they really feel strongly about that makes sense for them their skill set what they're best at in the world I think business model first product second or at least tweak your product to make sure it fits really well into the business model yeah instead of finding a problem find what I call founder market fit which is the business that fits the best within your existing skill sets and that's actually something we talk about on our Workshop that we run about how to find a million-dollar business idea idea which you should join if you go to the link in the description we talk about how to look at your own skills and your own passions to identify a potential problem that you can solve that you can turn into a million-dollar business it it's really that simple I think that people think that they have to have some like doorbuster like blisteringly intelligent novel never-before seen idea to start a business and that's just not true if people ask themselves what am I best in the world at it's a great place to start for like what business they should start yeah that's what I always say too yeah let's talk about that period of trying to figure things out you had this idea for sheets and Giggles how did you validate the idea the easiest way to do it is to build a brand identity map that should be the first thing that everybody does actually is a brand identity map so they can really visualize and understand the company that they're building it is also a great like foundation for everything that follows so those are the three things brand identity map financial model business model then take those three things or especially the financial model send it to people you respect and say hey like does this make sense am I forgetting about a cost somewhere am I am I charging too much and if the people that you respect are like hey I look at your financial model and yeah makes sense like I think you could you could do this once you get that first validation then you move on to trying to validate with actual customers and my advice to everyone is to sell before you build you can sell a wireframe you can sell an idea you can sell a signup form an email capture the simple steps are like build a tactile something that you can really promise them like a like a you know sign up now and on May 1st when we launch you'll get the best price that you'll ever lock into into for the best set of sheets you'll ever have for us we were selling a set for $100 but if they signed up first they get them for 69 bucks and we ended up capturing 11,000 emails 46% email capture then you send them surveys what colors do you want how much would you pay for this you get them involved and if you get people feeling like they're building a product with you they become emotionally invested in it and they're if they're not going to buy it they might share it with someone and be like check out this new product company launched that's the ultimate validation so yeah then once you get those sales you know people will pay for it yeah okay so you have this validation yep you have these people that are ready to buy they're ready to buy then you parlay that into massive sales tell me about those moments and how you did that if you want to do $100,000 campaign for example you need 30% of your total that you want your goal on day one that's how the crowdfunding math Works spikes plateaus little Spike at the end you then need on day one $30,000 300 customers at 100 bucks where do you get those customers from you get them from an email list you need 10,000 emails cuz an email list reasonably converts at about 3% 2% of you're doing something wrong 4% if you're doing something right I did the calculations I was like all right great we're going to do $70 price on day one 1 and a half units per order I assumed so about a $100 aov and I assumed that if our 10,000 person email L converted to 3% we get 300 customers $330,000 we were on our way to $100,000 campaign what ended up happening is our email is converted at 45% we got $450 customers at a $100 aov did $45,000 on day one and that snowballed into a $284,000 campaign and I attribute a lot of that to like the content that we were sending out it was so different than any email they'd ever gotten yeah I advise this to any founder listening is I had a one-on-one connection with thousands of people I answered every single social media comment myself I responded to every customer care email myself I you know wrote every email I wrote every word of copy on the website for years I can't recommend enough that Founders take the time to engage with people extremely personally on a on a granular level yeah so you launch you have this massive launch then how do you get to 1 million a month what's the special sauce of marketing things that work are like I think everyone's going to know works right Facebook Instagram Google Amazon ads all that has worked for years and it continues to work and then the ones that have worked that have surprised me have been the podcast channels I sponsor podcasts that I love and I sponsor YouTube channels that I watch if you the founder of your company and you love something you love a radio station you love a podcast you love a YouTuber odds are the people who also like them are like you they're going to resonate with your personality and a lot of your personality is going to come out in your brand so it all lines up you have viewers of people who are like you who are going to resonate with a brand that's like them that watch a channel that you speak the language of that you can make inside jokes for that you can write compelling copy with that you can build a whole landing page p in that brand voice the conversion rate on that is insane versus every other page on our website same with the content make sure the content makes you make sure the content's interesting to you betting is a crowded space and very boring um how have you differentiate yeah exactly how have you differentiated your brand and why has it made it successful I use my friends as models not just because they're cheaper which they are but also because I don't think that you can fake friendship and chemistry and so I always try to get stuff like that bleeds off the screen that just feels like you're in the room with us and overall the the ideology is you can't be everything for everyone so make sure that you're like at least something for someone if you're not pissing like at least 20% of people off you you're probably not doing it right for example one rule we have is we never iron the sheets the longest short of it is if it's been done before I don't want it I don't want to do it yeah let's talk about how you came up with the name for sheets and Giggles how' you come up with that well so I have four rules to a good brand name it has to be spell sharable and memorable that's one rule spell sharable and memorable rule number two it has to connote or denote what you do sheets and Giggles we Den knowe what we do we sell bed sheets rule number three is that you have to have good SEO around it try not to pick words or combinations of words where they find not you or worse a competitor and Rule Number Four is that if you're going to sell to Americans you got to have a do com because Americans don't buy from anything that's not a doom those are my four rules and if you have four for four you're a bullseye and if you're three for four go go forward if you're two for four two and a half nope try again that's epic so yeah Pat very important question would you like to get in the bed with me I don't know man we've been in bed together for 5 years all right interview from bed first time for everything I love it let's talk about the most bad thing you can imagine what tools do you use for your business so Shopify big one um of course Google analytics Google AdWords I love uh Reby for incard up cells I love after sell for post-p purchase upsells I really like okendo for our reviews so I use okendo we use a lot of shoing f apps tracking more for order tracking site gbt which is a chatbot for with AI that you can train on your website I really like this kid that built this he's one a solopreneur you should interview him actually we have actually wait the GPT guy oh he's so nice he's in our community dude he's super nice okay he's like some 20-year-old kid like just like dude he really nailed it with that and I'm really happy for him um it's like 50 bucks a month and it cut down our customer care tickets by like 30% um it's also our best salesman cuz we tell the AI bot if you have a great conversation with people and it's able to judge if it's a good conversation offer them code AI for 10% off and it's one of our best little discount codes that we use yeah it's great pays for itself and then I use uh stock IM for image creation as well as Dolly use a little bit of chat GPT for for blank page problem I really obsess over copy so I try not to use chat gbt for like copy copy but as someone with 88 HD like the blank page problem can be really overwhelming sometimes and so it's really nice to solve that problem yeah yeah I usually just tear it up anyway but yeah let's talk about uh Team what does your team look like well we have on a daily basis about 40 people who touch the business and that's everyone from Logistics and warehousing to uh Amazon ad agencies to Performance Marketing agencies affiliate agencies full-time folks in marketing in product and operations in customer care we work with tons of folks I think my favorite people people that are part of our team are the folks at Mile High Workshop here in Denver it helps lower our local recidivism rates and our local homelessness rates and it's one of my favorite things that that we do on our team is have those folks a part of it cool yeah tell me about the day in the life of Colin day in the life of someone building multi-million dollar business from home I work from bed all the time actually um this is definitely the office but I think everyone can tell you four walls start closing in after a while when you're in the same space so I love working from the river I go out there with Harvey my little Jack Russell I sit right in the water up to my chest and I put my laptop on a rock I set up hot spot and I just work from the river and I do that probably like 3 days a week in the summer wow and it is the best it's the most healing mental Wellness thing that I can recommend from someone is to spend more time Outdoors look man I'm I'm slacking I'm sending emails and I'm on the phone whether I'm in the water or I'm in my bed or I'm in the office you know so my job is mostly at this point meetings coordination followups analytics and Reporting and then you know content creation as well which really helps to get into a new environment to be more creative last question if you could sit on Colin shoulder when you you know work in that full-time job when you were laid off what advice would you give to him what what advice would you give to someone like that it's not fun shouldn't be glorified but I would tell myself as a 25 26 27-year-old kindness plus hard work plus intelligence leads to good things and you're kind and smart so keep working hard and eventually it'll it'll pay off stay with it yeah thank you man dude thank you for inviting me this is amazing the company you built thank you follow this advice and you will have a multi-million dollar bed sheet eucalyptus comp it's very easy don't don't let anybody tell you different super super easy all right guys I hope you got some good nuggets from Colin story that you can apply to your own business but if you're feeling a bit stuck and maybe you don't have an idea yet or you just want to go deeper on how to actually make your first dollar well I got something special for you I'm hosting a free workshop for all of our subscribers where I'll be sharing how I built a million-dollar business on Just 2 hours a day I'll walk you through exactly how to find your own million-dollar business idea how to execute on it and how to make your first dollar from it it's all Frameworks coming from personal experience because it's the exact path I took to build starter story and eventually quit my 9 to5 just a few months after I started so head to the first link in the description to save yourself a seat I hope to see you guys in there much love and I'll see you in the next one peace
